Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
Freedom is actually a bigger game than power. Power is about what you can control. Freedom is about what you can unleash. -Harriet Rubin
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin. -Unknown Author
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. -Vincent Lombardi
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -Ernest Hemingway
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, only this time more wisely. -Author unknown
It is better to correct your own faults than those of another. -Democritus
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. -Abraham Lincoln
You grow up the first day you have your first good laugh-at yourself. -Ethel Barrymore
Decide carefully, exactly what you want in life, then work like mad to make sure you get it! -Hector Crawford
Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance and love have no end. -George Bush
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition. -Alexander Smith
Slaying the dragon of delay is no sport for the short-winded. -Sandra Day O'Connor
In great attempts it is glorious even to fail. -Cassius Longinus
It is overdoing the thing to die for love. -French Proverb
Beauty is also to be found in a day's work. -Mamie Sypert Burns
Art is a fruit that grows in man, like a fruit on a plant, or a child in its mother's womb. -Jean Arp
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin D Roosevelt
O, it is excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant. -William Shakespeare
Persistent work triumphs. -Virgil
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
For light I go directly to the Source of light, not to any of the reflections. -Pilgrims
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. -Benjamin Disraeli
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average. -M. H. Alderson
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door and the whole world will be clean. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Sports are 90% inspiration and 10% perspiration. -Johnny Miller
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. -Washington Irving
Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning. -John Henry Cardinal
Personal power is the ability to take action. -Anthony Robbins
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise. -Mary Kay Ash
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands. -Alexandria Penney
The mere fact that you have obstacles to overcome is in your favor... -Robert Collier
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. -George S. Patton
Worth begets in base minds, envy; in great souls, emulation. -Henry Fielding
Before you can do something you must first be something. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
When the flower blooms, the bees come uninvited. -Rama Krishna
Give me the gift of a listening heart. -King Solomon
America's best buy is a telephone call to the right man. -Ilka Chase
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. -Jack Dixon
It is not the mountains that we conquer, but ourselves. -Sir Edmund Hillary
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves. -Unknown Author
The standardized American is largely a myth created not least by Americans themselves. - The Uses of Philosophy. -Irwin Edman
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. -The Dalai Lama
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -Theodore M. Hesburgh
A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it. -Unknown Author
It is no use saying, We are doing our best. You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. -Winston Churchill
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel. (on focus). -James Allen
Habit is either the best of servants or the worst of masters. -Nathaniel Emmons
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. -Walter Bagehot
He who does not enjoy solitude will not love freedom. -Arthur Schopenhauer
You can't ever be really free if you admire somebody too much. -Tove Jansson, Tales from Moominvalley
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. -George Burns
Before the reward there must be labor. You plant before you harvest. You sow in tears before you reap joy. -Ralph Ransom
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank Clark
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is. -John Lancaster Spalding
The most important trip you may take in life is meeting people half way. -Henry Boyle
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. -Leonardo Da Vinci
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. -Tao Te Ching
To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life. -Samuel Johnson
Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen and make strong. -Norman Vincent Peale
This is how it happens. We get the Dream, but we don't get to dictate every step toward the dream. -Peter Mcwilliams
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim. -John D. Rockefeller
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. -George E. Woodberry
A colt is worth little if it does not break its halter. -Proverb
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures. -Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzche
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities. -Napoleon Hill
To me every hour of the day and night is an unspeakably perfect miracle. -Walt Whitman
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. -Earl Nightingale
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. -Leo Aikman
Before you begin climbing that ladder of success, make sure it's leaning towards the window of opportunity you desire! -Tracy Brinkmann
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -Pablo Picasso
Creative minds always have been known to survive any kind of bad training. -Anna Freud
Discipline is remembering what you want. -David Campbell
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying. -Woody Allen
By living fully, recognizing that all we do is by His power, we honor God; He in turn blesses us. -Becky Laird
I feel like a micro cog in a macrocosm. -Mary Guyette
Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question. -E E Cummings
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. -Neil Peart
It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. -Thomas Paine
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. -Winston Churchill
Constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil. -Jerry Garcia
Everything is in motion. Everything flows. Everything is vibrating. -Wayne Dyer
Life is largely a matter of expectation. -Horace
Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details and excellence will come -Perry Paxton
Today, you have 100% of your life left. -Tom Hopkins
Be ready when opportunity comes...Luck is the time when preparation and opportunity meet. -Roy D. Chapin Jr.
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. -Ben Franklin
A person's treatment of money is the most decisive test of his character, how they make it and how they spend it. -James Moffatt
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. -Jim Rohn
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle. -Father James Keller
To enjoy the things we ought and to hate the things we ought has the greatest bearing on excellence of character. -Aristotle
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with. -Mark Twain
Everything can be improved. -C. W. Barron
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly. -G.k Chesterton
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly. -Robert Schuller
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within. -Plautus
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed. -Lloyd Jones
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Happiness is not a goal, it is a by-product. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Why did I want to win? because I didn't want to lose! -Max Schmelling
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundred per cent to your day, success will find you. -Russell L. Mason
Only mediocrity of enjoyment is allowed to man. -Hugh Blair
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real. -Jules Verne
Dream as if you'll live forever... live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; for love is sufficient unto love. -Kahlil Gibran
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise. -Kathleen Turner
People who want the most approval get the least and people who need approval the least get the most. -Wayne Dyer
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -Joseph J. Corbett
You don't pay the price for success. You enjoy the price for success. -Zig Ziglar
When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail. -Abraham Maslow
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force. -Publilius Syrus
Every chance taken is another chance to win. -Unknown Author
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Marie Curie
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments. -Jim Rohn
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great. -Niccoló Machiavelli
Wealth is enjoying what we already have, not getting more of what we think will make us happy. -Peter Mcwilliams
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. -Jim Rohn
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't - you're right. -Henry Ford
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself the master of that line. -Andrew Carnegie
It is not the great temptations that ruin us; it is the little ones. -John W. DeForest
Never tell me the odds. -Hans Solo
Genius makes its observations in short-hand; talent writes them out at length. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant. -Seneca
Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a look, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person. -C. Neil Strait
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. -Aristotle
Before you build a better mousetrap, it helps to know if there are any mice out there. -Mortimer B. Zuckerman
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace. In my life, what I want and what I need are exactly the same. -Pilgrims
Don't believe in miracles - depend on them. -Laurence J. Peter
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. -Peter Drucker
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Out of need springs desire, and out of desire springs the energy and the will to win. -Denis Waitley
If you can imagine it,You can achieve it.If you can dream it,You can become it. -William Arthur Ward
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. -Albert Einstein
Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. -Brian Tracy
Rare is the person who can weigh the faults of others without putting his thumb on the scales. -Byron J Langenfield
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard
Where there are friends, there is wealth. -Titus Muccius Plautus
The discipline of desire is the background of character. -John Locke
She got even in a way that was almost cruel. She forgave them. on Eleanor Roosevelt. -Ralph Mcgill
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. -Albert Einstein
Surely the world we live in is but the world that lives in us. -Daisy Bates
Happiness is not pleasure, it's victory. -Zig Ziglar
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. -German Proverb
Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair. -George Burns
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. -Ben Franklin
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will avoid one hundred days of sorrow. -Chinese proverb
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint you can on it. -Danny Kaye
Where you start is not as important as where you finish. -Zig Ziglar
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone. -Laurence J. Peter
Reach up as far as you can and God will help you reach the rest of the way. -Greg Hickman
Only so far as a man believes strongly, mightily, can he act cheerfully, or do anything that is worth doing. -Frederick W. Robertson
Dynamics of Goal Setting, Success Motivation Institute. -Ben Sweetland
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. -George S. Patton
Today's preparation determines tomorrow's achievement. -unknown
Enthusiasm is that secret and harmonious spirit which hovers over the production of genius. -Isaac Disraeli
He who is filled with love is filled with God himself. -Saint Augustine
What you are will show in what you do. -Thomas Alva Edison
You're in a much better position to talk with people when they approach you than when you approach them. -Pilgrims
No one ever went broke by saying no too often. -Harvey Mckay
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married. -Katherine Hepburn
It takes less time to do things right that to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The real voyage of discovery lies not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes. -Marcel Proust
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you. -Anonymous
I'm at an age where I think more about food than I do about sex. Last week I put a mirror over my dining room table. -Rodney Dangerfield
A dose of adversity is often as needful as a dose of medicine. -American Proverb
Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. -Samuel Johnson
Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power. -Paul G. Thomas
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control - these three alone lead life to sovereign power. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
A salesman minus enthusiasm is just a clerk. -Harry F. Banks
There's nobody "out there." It's all in here. -Mal Pancoast
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
In helping others, we shall help ourselves, for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us. -Flora Edwards
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. -Buddha
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places. -Author unknown
A diamond is a chunk of coal that made good under pressure. -Unknown Author
Even as water carves monuments of stone, so do our thoughts shape our character. -Hugh B. Brown
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. -Benjamin Disraeli
There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision. -William James
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly. -Robert Kennedy
Finite to fail, but infinite to venture. -Emily Dickinson
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A. Michener
The difference between involvement and commitment is like ham and eggs. The chicken is involved; the pig is committed. -Martina Navratilova
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. -Newt Gingrich
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love. -Henry Ward Beecher
What we obtain too cheap we esteem too little; it is dearness only that gives everything value. -Thomas Paine
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. -Robert Schuller
Love me or hate me, but spare me your indifference. -John Galsworthy
We must obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature. -Edmund Burke
Success is relative. It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things. -T. S. Eliot
Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
No person is ever good for much, that hasn't been swept off their feet by enthusiasm between ages twenty and thirty. -James A. Froude
Fall seven times; stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
I don't eat junk foods and I don't think junk thoughts. -Pilgrims
To the timid soul, nothing is possible. -John Bach
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome. -William James
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. -Norman Vincent Peale
Seldom does an individual exceed his own expectations. -Unknown
Rule your mind or it will rule you. -Horace
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. -Henry Ford
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -Les Brown
We must become the change we want to see. -Gandhi
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. -Johann von Goethe
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing. -Meister Eckhart
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved. -Victor Hugo
When you cannot make up your mind which of two evenly balanced courses of action you should take - choose the bolder. -William Joseph Slim
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence. -Denis Waitley
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father. -Roger von Oech
In every difficult situation is potential value. Believe this, then begin looking for it. -Norman Vincent Peale
When ability exceeds ambition, or ambition exceeds ability, the likelihood of success is limited. -Ralph Half
Rest is the sweet sauce of labor. -Plutarch
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Are you green and growing or ripe and rotting?. -Ray Kroc
You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it. -Earvin Magic Johnson
Many of life's failures are men who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison
Of all the attitudes we can acquire, surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing. -Zig Ziglar
Happiness or unhappiness is often a matter of choice. -Unknown Author
In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love, you want the other person. -Margaret Anderson
Five things constitute perfect virtue: gravity, magnanimity, earnestness, sincerity and kindness. -Confucius
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed. - 1963. -Harold Macmillan
A hard beginning maketh a good ending. -John Heywood
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life; That word is love. -Sophocles
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes. -John Dewey
What we anticipate seldom occurs, what we least expected generally happens. -Benjamin Disraeli
Kindness is the light that dissolves all walls between souls, families, and nations. -Paramahansa Yogananda
And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. -Kahlil Gibran
The beginning is the most important part of the work. -Plato
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. -Napoleon Hill
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it. -Sydney Harris
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -Oscar Wilde
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality. -Jean Paul Richter
Of all the properties which belong to honorable men, not one is so highly prized as that of character. -Henry Clary
Tell me what you like and I'll tell you what you are. -John Ruskin
Of all ills that one endures, hope is a cheap and universal cure. -Abraham Cowley
Most of life is choices, and the rest is pure dumb luck. -Marian Erickson
Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers. -Socrates
Incorrect assumptions lie at the root of every failure. Have the courage to test your assumption. -Brian Tracy
If I have seen further than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants. -Sir Isaac Newton
No one can make you jealous, angry, vengeful, or greedy - unless you let him. -Napolean Hill
So many fail because they don't get started; they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W. Clement Stone
You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might. -Henry David Thoreau
If I would be happy, I would be a bad ballplayer. With me, when I get mad, it puts energy in my body. -Roberto Clemente
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. -Voltaire
To succeed at the level I want to... you have to be focused and serious. -Kent Steffes
There is no time like the pleasant. -Oliver Herford
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
Lost time is never found again. -Proverb
Every calling is great when greatly pursued. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement. -George F. Will
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life. -Charles Darwin
God is a verb. -Buckminster Fuller
Opportunity seems to have an uncanny habit of favoring those who have paid the price of years of preparation. -Unknown Author
Do the thing and you will have the power. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you. -Elmer Davis
The closest distance between two people is a good laugh. -Leo Bascalia
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do. -John Baptiste Moliére
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing-that's why we recommend it daily. -Zig Ziglar
Character is a by-product; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty. -Woodrow T. Wilson
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. -Ray Knight
Nothing profits more than self-esteem, grounded on what is just and right. -John Milton
Success, or failure, very often arrives on wings that seem mysterious to us. -Dr. Marcus Bach
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools. -Confucius
The secret to managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. -Casey Stengel
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. -Bob Hope
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward. -Jim Rohn
The inner thought coming from the heart represents the real motives and desires. These are the cause of action. -Raymond Holliwell
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart. -Meister Eckhart
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. -Confucius
The obstacles you face are... mental barriers which can be broken by adopting a more positive approach. -Clarence Blasier
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Anthony Robbins
A nail is driven out by another nail. Habit is overcome by habit. -Desiderius Erasmus
Whatever is flexible and living will tend to grow; whatever is rigid and blocked will wither and die. -Lao Tzu
I think and that is all that I am. -Wayne Dyer
In prosperity, our friends know us; in adversity, we know our friends. -John Churton Collins
Attempt the impossible only to improve your work. -Bette Davis
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities. -Anonymous
Don't let today's disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow's dreams. -Unknown Author
Sever the ignorant doubt in your heart with the sword of self-knowledge. Observe your discipline. Arise. -Bhagavad-gita
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but also by the heart. -Blaise Pascal
Being defeated is often only a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent. -Marilyn vos Savant
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown. -William Penn
Men do not die from overwork. They die from dissipation and worry. -Charles Evans Hughes
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. -Peter Marshall
You cannot step twice into the same river; for other waters are continually flowing in. -Heraclitus
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
And think not you can guide the course of love. For love, if it finds you worthy, shall guide your course. -Kahlil Gibran
It is not the position, but the disposition. -J. E. Dinger
Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right. -Walt Disney
It's hard to detect good luck - it looks so much like something you've earned. -Frank A. Clark
This one step - choosing a goal and sticking to it - changes everything. -Scott Reed
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious of the rose. -Kahlil Gibran
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty and self-respect are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady. -Thomas H. Huxley
Depression loses its power when fresh vision pierces the darkness. -Peter Sinclair
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results. -James Allen
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much. -Elbert Hubbard
Time ripens all things, no man is born wise. -Miguel de Cervantes
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form. -Stanely J. Randall
It is never too late to become what you might have been. -George Eliot
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. -Thomas Alva Edison
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. -Lou Holtz
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. -Thomas Dunn English
Confidence is a very fragile thing. -Joe Montana
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way and shows the way. -John C. Maxwell
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want. -Hannah Whitall Smith
The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. -Japanese proverb
Life is a state of consciousness. -Emmett Fox
God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones. -Dwight L. Moody
When you cease to dream you cease to live. -Malcolm S. Forbes
Life's blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed at the fire of enthusiasm. -Norman Vincent Peale
Little minds attain and are subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them. -Washington Irving
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. -John Lennon
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat. -Sir Winston Churchill
People who think honestly and deeply have a hostile attitude towards the public. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. -Anthony Robbins
Effort only full releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will. -James Stephens
Light tomorrow with today. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Be smart, be intelligent and be informed. -Tony Allasandra
There is always a way to go if you look for it. -Ernest A. Fitzgerald
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. -Jean Nidetch
Failure is the path of least persistence. -Unknown Author
Live with passion. -Anthony Robbins
There is the greatest practical benefit in making a few failures early in life. -Thomas Henry Huxley
Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder. -Arnold Toynbee
Expect nothing; be prepared for anything. -Samurai Saying
In things pertaining to enthusiasm, no man is sane who does not know how to be insane on proper occasions. -Henry Ward Beecher
Bright lights cast dark shadows when shone from only one direction. -David Kelley
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -General George Patton
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do. -Marquis De Vauvenargues
Knowledge is power. -Francis Bacon
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The most distinguishing feature of winners is their intensity of purpose. -Alymer Letterman
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside. -Brian Tracy
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Some desire is necessary to keep life in motion. -Samuel Johnson
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert H. Schuller
The sharp employ the sharp. -Douglas William Jerrold
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everything is perfect in the universe - even your desire to improve it. -Wayne Dyer
Those who know don't tell and those who tell don't know. -Zen Proverb
The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or to say a new thing in an old way. -Richard Harding Davis
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. -Brian Tracy
The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval. -Denis Waitley
Over the years, I've had hundreds of shots blocked. You've got to go in and take chances. -John Havlicek
The lack of belief is a defect that ought to be concealed when it cannot be overcome -Jonathan Swift
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown
A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm. -Charles Schwab
An expert is someone who knows a lot about the past. -Tom Hopkins
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak. -William Congreve
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks. -Charles Dickens
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. -Ferdinand Foch
Playing safe is only playing. -Chuck Olson
Children need models rather than critics. -Joseph Joubert Persees
You can observe a lot by just watching. -Yogi Berra
The most damaging phrase in the language is: It's always been done that way. -Grace Hopper
It takes as much stress to be a success as it does to be a failure. -Emilio James Trujillo
Give all to love; obey thy heart. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The man who follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd. -R. S. Donnell
Education is the ability to think clearly, act well in the world of work and to appreciate life. -Brigham Young
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman. -Doug Larson, United Feature Syndicate
The truth shall make you free. -The Bible, John 8
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
The possible's slow fuse is lit by the imagination. -Emily Dickinson
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. -Andrew Jackson
When you are down on your back, if you can look up, you can get up. -Les Brown
Tell a man he is brave, and you help him to become so. -Thomas Carlyle
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits. -Robert Louis Stevenson
When I was young, I admired clever people. Now that I am old, I admire kind people. -Abraham Joshua Heschel
A good beginning makes a good end. -English Proverb
I write music with an exclamation point! -Richard Wagner
When it gets dark enough you can see the stars. -Lee Salk
I am a big believer that eventually everything comes back to you. You get back what you give out. -Nancy Reagan
Our greatest natural resource is the minds of our children. -Walt Disney
The best way to make happy money is to make money your hobby and not your god. -Scott Alexander
Two men look out the same prison bars; one sees mud and the other stars. -Frederick Langbridge
A man full of courage is also full of faith. -Cicero
The world isn't interested in the storms you encountered, but whether or not you brought in the ship. -Raul Armesto
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, happiness, which is everything in this world. -Blaise Pascal
With a written agreement you have a prayer; with a verbal agreement you have nothing but air. -Robert Ringer
We are that which activates the body. -Pilgrims
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. -J. Willard Marriott
Not to alter one's faults is to be faulty indeed. -Confucius
To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make. -Truman Capote
I pray without ceasing now. My personal prayer is: Make me an instrument which only truth can speak. -Pilgrims
A person's worth in this world is estimated according to the value they put on themselves. -Jean De La Bruyere
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind. -Rudyard Kipling
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like? -Jean Cocteau
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. -Fred Allen
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -William A. Ward
You never achieve real success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. -Colin Powell
Money is the seed of money. -Jean-jacques Rousseau
Does't thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. -Benjamin Franklin
History will be kind to me or I intend to write it. -Winston Churchill
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there. -Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -Babe Ruth
Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers. -Anonymous
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. -Kahlil Gibran
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope or confidence. -Helen Keller
The only way to overcome is to hang in. Even I'm starting to believe that. -Dan O'Brien
Six essential qualities are the key to success: sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity. -William Menninger
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. -Mark Twain
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death. -General Omar Bradley
The act of writing is the act of discovering what you believe. -David Hare
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes the furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Out of suffering comes creativity. You cannot spell painting without pain. -John Lithgow in Third Rock From the Sun
Character is much easier kept than recovered. -Thomas Paine
Prudent, cautious self-control, is wisdom's root. -Robert Burns
A painting in a museum probably hears more foolish remarks than anything else in the world. -Edmond and Jules De Goncourt
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? -Abraham Lincoln
If a man has common sense, he has all the sense there is. -Sam Rayburn
Imagination gives you the picture. Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own. -Robert Collier
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation. -Peter F. Drucker
It is easier to believe than to doubt. -Everett D. Martin
Be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought. -Henry David Thoreau
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi
The great accomplishments of man have resulted from the transmission of ideas of enthusiasm. -Thomas J. Watson
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. -Albert Camus
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. -Brian Tracy
You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem. -Robert Schuller
Developing the plan is actually laying out the sequence of events that have to occur for you to achieve your goal. -George L. Morrisey
If you're headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns. -Unknown Author
Keep your face to the sunshine and you never see the shadow. -Helen Keller
A man without a smiling face must not open a shop. -Chinese Proverb
The real voyage of discovery consists of not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. -Marcel Proust
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. -Elizabeth Bibesco
If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders. -Abigail Van Buren
If you put a small value on yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price. -Unknown Author
You cannot be wimpy out there on the dream-seeking trail. Dare to break through barriers, to find your own path. -Les Brown
Ability is of little account without opportunity. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America. -James Joyce
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well. -Aristotle
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost. -G. K. Chesterton
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances. -J. Donald Walters
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
And what is a man without energy? Nothing - nothing at all. -Mark Twain
Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I'll show you someone who has overcome adversity. -Lou Holtz
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. -Mark Twain
We grow great by dreams. All big men are dreamers. -Woodrow T. Wilson
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it. -Thomas Jefferson
Seek first to understand and then to be understood. -Stephen Covey
Morale is a state of mind. It is steadfastness and courage and hope. -George Marshall
Imagination rules the world -Napoleon
Every great man is always being helped by everybody; for his gift is to get good out of all things and all persons. -John Ruskin
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. -Walt Whitman
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals-that is, goals that do not inspire them. -Anthony Robbins
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller, Jr.
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out. -Lady Blessington
You can't take it with you when you go. -Proverb
I don't know any parents that look into the eyes of a newborn baby and say, "How can we screw this kid up.". -Russell Bishop
Purpose serves as a principle around which to organize our lives. -Author unknown
The foundation of lasting self-confidence and self esteem is excellence, mastery of your work. -Brian Tracy
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. -David Lloyd George
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. -James Rogers
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable. -Jeremy Collier
What is to give light must endure the burning. -Victor Frankl
A good rest is half the work. -Proverb
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll get nothing done. -Norman Vincent Peale
To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
Do somethings are not moved by the criticism of do nothings. -Peter Sinclair
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. -Warren Buffett
I have discovered that we may be in some degree whatever character we choose. Besides, practice forms a man to anything. -James Boswell
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your efforts when you have forgotten your aim. -Semisonic, closing Time
It is impossible to go through life without trust. That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all - oneself. -Graham Greene
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. -Emily Dickinson
I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative. -Sugar Ray Robinson
There are three ingredients in the good life: yearning, learning, and earning. -Christopher Morley
Imagination is the eye of the soul. -Joubert
Fear of death has been the greatest ally of tyranny past and present. -Sydney Hook
I wanted to be scared again... I wanted to feel unsure again. That's the only way I learn, the only way I feel challenged. -Connie Chung
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson
Only a life lived for others is worth living. -Albert Einstein
My life has been filled with terrible misfortune; most of which never happened. -Michel Eyquem
It is in changing that things find purpose. -Heraclitus
A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with the wind. -John Neal
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were. -Kahlil Gibran
Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all: only our characters are steadfast, not our gold. -Euripides
You can't depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain
With ordinary talents and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. -Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
Ambition can creep as well as soar. -Edmund Burke
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. -Thomas Henry Huxley
Happiness is not a reward - it is consequence. Suffering is not a punishment - it is a result. -Robert Green Ingersoll
The greatest things are accomplished by individual people, not by committees or companies. -Alfred A. Montapert
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
You become strong by defying defeat and by turning loss into gain and failure to success. -Napoleon
To succeed... You need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. -Tony Dorsett
Living a life without limits is the highest state of existence. -Lieh Tzu
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever. -Tiger Woods
Remember, no human condition is ever permanent. Then you will not be overjoyed in good fortune nor too scornful in misfortune. -Socrates
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can. -Unknown Author
When you give a man a dole you deny him his dignity, and when you deny him his dignity you rob him his destiny. -Zig Ziglar
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. -Walt Disney
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist. -Mary Kay Ash
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere. -Carl Sagan
How to succeed? Try hard enough. -Malcolm Forbes
If your energy is as boundless as your ambition, total commitment may be a way of life you should seriously consider. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles. -Bob Richards
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, forms our true honor. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteeen. -W. C. Fields
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld, French Classical Writer
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. -Napoleon Hill
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. -James Broughton
Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses. -Cato The Elder
A happy family is but an earlier heaven. -Sir John Bowring
Careers, like rockets, don't always take off on schedule. The key is to keep working the engines. -Gary Sinise
Look within!... The secret is inside you. -Hui-neng
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. -Sir John Lubbock
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. -John J. Watson
It's not the situation... It's your reaction to the situation. -Robert Conklin
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -Albert Einstein
I am always busy, which is perhaps the chief reason why I am always well. -Elizabeth Cady Stanton
People have been known to achieve more as a result of working with others than against them. -Dr. Allan Fromme
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help. -Abraham Lincoln
Ever notice that people never say "It's only a game" when they're winning? -Ivern Ball
You can tell what a man is by what he does when he hasn't anything to do. -Anonymous
The worst bankruptcy in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm. -H. W. Arnold
Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen. -Peter Marshall
Often attitudes are kindled in the flame of others' convictions. -Louis E. Le Bar
If you want to win anything-a race, your self, your life-you have to go a little berserk. -George Sheehan
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -Les Brown
A free lunch is only found in mousetraps. -John Capozzi
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit. -Bhagavad-gita
Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose. -John Stosssel
Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom. -Albert Einstein
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free. -Michelangelo
There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
Courage and resolution are the spirit and soul of virtue. -Thomas Fuller
Most successful men have not achieved their distinction by having some new talent or opportunity that was at hand. -Bruce Barton
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. -Pascal
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -Theodore Roosevelt
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision. -Ayn Rand
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. -Denis Waitley
When a man finds no peace within himself it is useless to seek it elsewhere. -L. A. Rouchefoliocauld
Hope is grief's best music. -Unknown Author
The reason people blame things on the previous generations is that there's only one other choice. -Doug Larson
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. -Elbert Hubbard
See things as you would have them be instead of as they are. -Robert Collier
Nothing happens unless first a dream. -Carl Sandburg
Marriage should be a duet-when one sings, the other claps. -Joe Murray
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water. -Miguel de Cervantes
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. -George Sand
Be bold, be bold, and everywhere be bold. -Herbert Spencer
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance. -Derek Bok
The love we give away is the only love we keep. -Elbert Hubbard
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better. -Emile Coue
It's your unlimited power to care and to love that can make the biggest difference in the quality of your life. -Anthony Robbins
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. -Henry David Thoreau
You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job. -Zig Ziglar
The greatest risk is the risk of riskless living. -Stephen Covey
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once. -William Shakespeare
To ease another's heartache is to forget one's own. -Abraham Lincoln
Chance favors only the prepared mind. -Louis Pasteur
For all your days prepare, And meet them ever alike: When you are the anvil, bear-When you are the hammer, strike. -Edwin Markham
He who asks a question may be a fool for five minutes, but he who never asks a question remains a fool forever. -Tom Connelly
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. -Vincent Lombardi
Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. -Stephen R. Covey
Writing is thinking on paper. -William Zinsser
Days are scrolls: Write on them only what you want remembered. -Bach Ya-ibn Pakuda
When they discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be disappointed to discover they are not it. -Bernard Bailey
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. -Napoleon Hill
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -Jim Rohn
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity. -Mahatma Gandhi
Where there is no shame, there is no honor. -African Proverb
Don't wait for someone to take you under their wing. Find a good wing and climb up underneath it. -Frank C. Bucaro
A promise must never be broken. -Alexander Hamilton
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. -Meister Eckhardt
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. -Harold Wilkins
There is no knowledge that is not power. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. -Robert Frost
That which costs little is less valued. -Miguel De Cervantes
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. -Henry Ford
Energy and persistence alter all things. -Benjamin Franklin
Poverty of course is no disgrace, but it is damned annoying. -William Pitt
In actual life every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith. -Friedrich Schlegel
Leadership is action, not position. -Donald H. McGannon
Unhappiness is in not knowing what we want and killing ourselves to get it. -Don Herold
Paralyze resistance with persistence. -Woody Hayes
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Man knows more than he understands. -Alfred Adler
Show me the leader and I will know his men. Show me the men and I will know their leader. -Arthur W. Newcomb
Immature love says I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you. -Erich Fromm
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has. -Michelangelo
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. -Wayne Dyer
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. -Michael Jordan
That kind of life is most happy which affords us most opportunities of gaining our own esteem. -Samuel Johnson
Whatever good things we build end up building us. -Jim Rohn
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. -Blaine Lee
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret. -Marlene Dietrich
We're all pilgrims on the same journey-but some pilgrims have better road maps. -Nelson Demille
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle. -William Penn
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits, or they'll eventually conquer you. -Rob Gilbert
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah Winfrey
Some people dream of success... while others wake up and work hard at it. -Author unknown
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for. -Benjamin Haydon
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. -Jamie Paolinetti
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. -Marcus Aurelius
There lies more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Optimism. The doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly. -Ambrose Bierce
The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible. -Oscar Wilde
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. -Denis Waitley
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now. -Alan Lakein
Commerce is the great civilizer. We exchange ideas when we exchange fabrics. -Robert G. Ingersoll
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
It is not necessary to hope in order to understand, nor to succeed in order to persevere. -Charles The Bold
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes. -Mark Twain
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3
Character develops itself in the stream of life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Great necessities call out great virtues. -Abigail Adams
Then indecision brings its own delays and days are lost lamenting o'er lost days. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A truly creative person rids him or herself of all self-imposed limitations. -Gerald G Jampolsky
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies. -Arthur Calwell
If you want to make good use of your time, you've got to know what's most important and then give it all you've got. -Lee Iacocca
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. -William Saroyan
We would frequently be ashamed of our good deeds if people saw all of the motives that produced them. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm. -Henry David Thoreau
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?. -Jimmy Dean
Two human loves make one divine. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -William Shakespeare
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world. -Wayne Dyer
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future. -Euripides
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly. -St Francis Sales
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference. -Paul Bear Bryant
Yesterday's the past and tomorrow's the future. Today is a gift - which is why they call it the present. -Bill Keane
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone; Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done. -Charles Wesley
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality. -Woodrow Wilson
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire. -John W. Foster
If you love the life you live, you will live a life of love. -Unknown Author
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you. -Deepak Chopra
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned. -Struther Burt
The thing I fear most is fear. -Michel Eyquem
The cynic says, One man can't do anything. I say, Only one man can do anything. -John W. Gardner
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better. -Paul Coffey
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. -Albert Einstein
No one's head aches when he is comforting another -Indian Proverb
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. -Wayne Dyer
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them. -John H. Patterson
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. -Ken Keyes
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich. -Henry Ward Beecher
A reputation once broken may possibly be repaired, but the world will always keep their eyes on the spot where the crack was. -Joseph Hall
The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power. -John Ruskin
Men are more important than tools. If you don't believe so, put a good tool into the hands of a poor workman. -John J. Bernet
To exist is to change; to change is to mature; to mature is to create oneself endlessly. -Henri Bergson
To go beyond is as bad as to fall short. -Anonymous
To each man is reserved a work which he alone can do. -Susan Blow
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. -Thomas Jefferson
The awakening has begun! -William Dempsey
Though I am always in haste, I am never in a hurry. -John Wesley
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season. -Mary Todd Lincoln
Encouraged people achieve the best; dominated people achieve second best; neglected people achieve the least. -Anonymous
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness. -James Thurber
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. -John Quincy Adams
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you. -Henry J. Kaiser
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self. -Aristotle
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives. -Clint Eastwood
Change is difficult but often essential to survival. -Les Brown
The same hammer that shatters the glass forges the steel. -Russian Proverb
The immature mind hops from one thing to another; the mature mind seeks to follow through. -Harry A. Overstreet
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will. -Abraham Lincoln
We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them. -Evelyn Waugh
When you aim for perfection, you discover it's a moving target. -Geoffrey F. Fisher
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Life is never more fun than when you're the underdog competing against the giants. -H Ross Perot
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. -Thomas Paine
Honesty pays dividends both in dollars and in peace of mind. -B. C. Forbes
My heart has joined the thousand, for my friend stopped running today. -Richard Adams
Do not, for one repulse, forego the purpose that you resolved to effect. -William Shakespeare
He does not posses wealth that allows it to possess him. -Benjamin Franklin
Live so that your friends can defend you but never have to. -Arnold Glasow
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -John Ruskin
Entertain great hopes. -Robert Frost
In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Freedom is first of all a responsibility before the God from whom we come. -Alan Keyes
Praise can be your most valuable asset as long as you don't aim it at yourself. -O.A. Battista
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self. -Henri Frederic Amiel
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger -Friedrich Nietzsche
Light is the task where many share the toil. -Homer
Failing to plan is a plan to fail. -Effie Jones
I could never convince the financiers that Disneyland was feasible because dreams offer too little collateral. -Walt Disney
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. -Ralph Vaull Starr
A man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. -Les Brown
You are educated when you have the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or self-confidence. -Robert Frost
The one who pursues revenge should dig two graves. -Chinese Proverb
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. -Benjamin Franklin
All the windows of my heart I open to the day. -John Greenleaf Whittier
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan. -Tom Landry
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights. -Pilgrims
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will. -John Atkinson
Science belongs to no one country. -Louis Pasteur
In the midst of movement and chaos keep stillness inside of you. -Deepak Chopra
Where there is great love there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies. -Robert Kennedy
There are times when silence has the loudest voice. -Leroy Brownlow
Whenever we condemn, we cloak the world in pain. -Hugh Prather
I never let my subject get in the way of what I want to talk about. -Mark Victor Hansen
Genius develops in quiet places, character out in the full current of human life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound. -Pilgrims
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. -Dr. Martin Luther King
The earth is like a spaceship that didn't come with an operating manual. -Buckminster Fuller
A cult is a religion with no political power. -Tom Wolfe
To the degree we can live without the things of this world, to that degree we are wealthy. -Peter Mcwilliams
Success is always temporary. When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us. -Stephen Covey
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared. -Eddie Rickenbacker
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell. -Unknown Author
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience. -Ralph Marston
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers. -James Thurber
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place. -Bhagavad Gita
Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates
Fear is excitement without breath. -Robert Heller
The block of granite, which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping stone in the path of the strong. -Thomas Carlyle
He is wise who knows the sources of knowledge - who knows who has written and where it is to be found. -A. A. Hodge
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Ask God's blessing on your work, but don't ask him to do it for you. -Dame Flora Robson
All limits are self imposed. -Icarus
Cut the im out of impossible, leading that dynamic word standing out free and clear-possible. -Norman Vincent Peale
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. -Chinese Proverb
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. -Eleanor Roosevelt
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself - so always think positively. -Norman Vincent Peale
The Creator has not given you a longing to do what you have no ability to do. -Orison Swett Marden
Change begets change. -Charles Dickens
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
He who is plenteously provided for from within, needs but little from without. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve. -Wilfred A. Peterson
Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them. -Les Brown
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. -Theodore Roosevelt
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own acres of diamonds. -Earl Nightingale
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. -Zig Ziglar
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Anonymous
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them. -Unknown Author
My circumstances do not make me what I am, they reveal who I have chosen to be. (from James Allen). -Wayne Dyer
It is not so important who starts the game but who finishes it. -John Wooden
When a fellow says it ain't the money but the principle of the thing, it's the money. -Artemus Ward
It's not than I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -Albert Einstein
A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward. -Minna Antrim
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. -W. Edwards Deming
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up. -The Reverend Jesse Jackson, American Civil Rights Leader
Our intention creates our reality. -Wayne Dyer
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average. -Jim Rohn
When the will is ready the feet are light. -Proverb
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. -Les Brown
Yesterday is a canceled check: Forget it. Tomorrow is a promissory note: Don't count on it. Today is ready cash: Use it!. -Edwin C Bliss
A peaceful mind generates power. -Norman Vincent Peale
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. -Douglas Macarthur
Two kinds of gratitude: The sudden kind we feel for what we take; the larger kind we feel for what we give. -Edwin Arlington Robinson
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections and the truth of imagination. -John Keats
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work. -Joseph Barbara
He who enjoys doing and enjoys what he has done is happy. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them. -Abraham Lincoln
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses. -Kazantzakis
Fortune and love befriend the bold. -Ovid
An optimist is a driver who thinks that empty space at the curb won't have a hydrant beside it. -Changing Times
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. -Henri Bergson
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling. -Paula Poundstone
Wealth - any income that is at least one hundred dollars more a year than the income of one's wife's sister's husband. -H. L. Mencken
Practical prayer is harder on the soles of your shoes than on the knees of your trousers. -Austin O'malley
The flower that follows the sun does so even on cloudy days. -Robert Leighton
The quality of your life is the quality of your communication. (with yourself as well as with others). -Anthony Robbins
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first. -David H Comins
Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle
If it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul. -William Shakespeare
Our patience will achieve more than our force. -Edmund Burke
If you don't have a dream, how are you going to make a dream come true? -Oscar Hammerstein
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it. -Anonymous
Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. -Andrew Carnegie
Remember this - very little is needed to make a happy life. -Marcus Aurelius
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. -William Cowper
A faith to live by, a self to live with, and a purpose to live for. -Bob Harrington
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine
When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
A hundred men may make an encampment, but it takes a woman to make a home. -Chinese Proverb
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it. -Sir Winston Churchill
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff. -May Sarton
Failure is an event, never a person; an attitude, not an outcome. -Zig Ziglar
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. -Gail Sheehy
One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession. -Sophocles
In all pleasures hope is a considerable part. -Samuel Johnson
Make your life a mission-not an intermission. -Arnold Glasgow
Learn to relax. Your body is precious, as it houses your mind and spirit. Inner peace begins with a relaxed body. -Norman Vincent Peale
For glory gives herself only to those who have always dreamed of her. -Charles de Gaulle
Those who wish to sing always find a song. -Swedish proverb
Where there are friends there is wealth. -Titus Maccius Plautus
It's not the situation, but whether we react (negative) or respond (positive) to the situation that's important. -Zig Ziglar
Education begins at home. You can't blame the school for not putting into your child what you don't put into him. -Geoffrey Holder
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert Schuller
I would rather see a serman than hear one any day. -Eddie Guest
The last dejected effort often becomes the winning stroke. -W.J. Cameron
In great attempts it is glorious even to fail. -Vince Lombardi
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Because of a great love, one is courageous. -Lao-tzu
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can get with just a kind word. -Willie Sutton
To believe what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man. -Mahatma Gandhi
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure-which is: Try to please everybody. -Herbert Bayard Swope
We make way for the man who boldly pushes past us. -Christian Nevell Bovee
They cannot take away our self-respect if we do not give it to them. -Mahatma Gandhi
Ethics must begin at the top of an organization. It is a leadership issue and the chief executive must set the example. -Edward Hennessy
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them. -Confucius
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success. -Malcolm Forbes
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands. -Zig Ziglar
America's future walks through the doors of our schools every day. -Mary Jean LeTendre
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. -Marie Curie
Don't think of words when you stop but to see the picture better. -Jack Kerouac
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Les Brown
Good friends are good for your health. -Irwin Sarason
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
No one does anything from a single motive. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
You always succeed in producing a result. -Anthony Robbins
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous. -Confucius
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. -Ralph Marston
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself. -Mikhail Baryshnikov
Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder. -George Washington
You're never beaten until you admit it. -George S. Patton
Heart in champions has to do with the depth of your motivation and how well your mind and body react to pressure. -Bill Russell
The first task of a leader is to keep hope alive. -Joe Batten
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them. -Dalai Lama
One important key to success is self confidence. An important key to self confidence is preparation. -Arthur Ashe
Mediocrity is self-inflicted. Genius is self-bestowed. -Walter Russell
Often he who does too much does too little. -Italian Proverb
Pessimism never won any battle. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
We trifle when we assign limits to our desires, since nature hath set none. -Christian Nevell Bovee
A man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away. -Charles Schwab
I've decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -John F. Kennedy
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. -Ronald E. Osborn
It's always too early to quit. -Norman Vincent Peale
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail. -Gore Vidal
There was a castle called Doubting Castle, the owner whereof was Giant Despair. -John Bunyan
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing and then marry him. -Cher
Most people achieved their greatest success one step beyond what looked like their greatest failure. -Brian Tracy
You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you've got something to say. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Nothing endures but change. -Herectilus
Every really new idea looks crazy at first. -Abraham H. Maslow
If it were not for hopes, the heart would break. -Thomas Fuller
He who stops being better stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community. -Ed Howe
People who produce good results feel good about themselves. -Ken Blanchard
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows. -George Eliot
Forget those things that aren't worth remembering. -Tim Foley
Hope can always cope. -P. K. Thomajan
By perseverance the snail reached the ark. -Charles Haddon Spurgeon
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -Frank Mckinney Hubbard
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. -Sydney Harris
The prudent person may direct a state, but it is the enthusiast who regenerates or ruins it. -Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
While there's life, there's hope! -Roman saying
Between whom there is hearty truth, there is love. -Henry David Thoreau
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Pablo Picasso
You don't know what you can get away with until you try. -General Colin Powell
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life. -Lee Iacocca
One chance is all you need. -Jesse Owens
It is not your aptitude, but your attitude, that determines your altitude. -Zig Ziglar
In the factory we make cosmetics; in the store we sell hope. -Charles Revson
Quality will be prized as a precious possession. -Unknown Author
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes. -Winnie the Pooh
We'd never know how high we are till we are called to rise; and then, if we are true to plan, our statures touch the sky. -Emily Dickinson
Good manners are like traffic rules for society. -Michael Levine
Just as you began to feel that you could make good use of time, there was no time left to you. -Lisa Alther
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. -Les Brown
To find yourself, think for yourself. -Socrates
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -George S. Patton
He cannot complain of a hard sentence, who is made master of his own fate. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
What you choose to focus your mind on is critical because you will become what you think about most of the time. -Noel Peebles
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men - the other 999 follow women. -Groucho Marx
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. -Oscar Wilde
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
As punishment for my contempt for authority, fate has made me an authority myself. -Albert Einstein
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves. -Confucius
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart. -Thomas J. Watson
The trappings of lifestyle are often that; traps. -Thomas Leonard
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination. -John Dewey
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going. -Unknown Author
The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say to him, What are you going through? -Simone Weil
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge
It's not enough to be busy, so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about? -Henry David Thoreau
Everything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through, then follow through. -Captain Edward V. Rickenbacker
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost. -Martina Navratilova
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. -David Frost
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. -Fitzhugh Dodson
One does not see anything until one sees its beauty. -Oscar Wilde
We probably wouldn't worry about what people think of us if we could know how seldom they do. -Olin Miller
Many marriages would be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side. -Zig Ziglar
In order to conquer, what we need is to dare, still to dare, and always to dare. -Georges Danton
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for? -Robert Browning
There's not a whole lot of new atoms out there. -Denny Mcdonough
Obstinacy in opinions holds the dogmatist in the chains of error, without the hope of emancipation. -John C. Granville
Life is too complicated not to be orderly. -Martha Stewart
Hope springs eternal in the human breast. -Alexander Pope
You have to do what others won't. To achieve what others don't. -Anonymous
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. -Syrus
Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure. -Dell Crossword
Tolerance and celebration of individual differences is the fire that fuels lasting love. -Tom Hannah
You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones. -Dale Earnhardt
Today the greatest single source of wealth is between your ears. -Brian Tracy
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth. -George Sand
One must learn by doing the thing, for though you think you know it, you have no certainty until you try. -Aristotle
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. -André Gide
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. -Harriet Woods
Boldness is business is the first, second, and third thing. -H. G. Bohn
Yesterday is a canceled check; tomorrow is a promissory note; today is the only cash you have-so spend it wisely. -Kay Lyons
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. -Thomas Fuller
There is only one success-to be able to live your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
What we must decide is perhaps how we are valuable, rather than how valuable we are. -Edgar Friedenbar
In this game, by trying to win; you automatically lose. -Ruth Ross
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. -Jack Kinder
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do. -Anne Sexton
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. -William Blake
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. -Rabindranath Tagore
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. -Les Brown
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women. -Louisa May Alcott
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think. -Dale Carnegie
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. -Charles Du Bos
Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope at all Together we stand, divided we fall. -Pink Floyd
Belief is truth held in the mind; faith is a fire in the heart. -Joseph Fort Newton
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason so few engage in it. -Henry Ford
Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom. -Colton
Warriors take chances. Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them. -Ancient Samurai saying
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. -James Levin
It is for us to pray not for tasks equal to our powers, but for powers equal to our tasks. -Helen Keller
The energy of the mind is the essence of life. -Aristotle
If I could define enlightenment briefly I would say it is "the quiet acceptance of what is.". -Wayne Dyer
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. -Helen Keller
I always like to know everything about my new friends, and nothing about my old ones. -Oscar Wilde
Do not follow where the path my lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -George Bernard Shaw
The time is always right to do what is right. -Martin Luther King Jr.
The winning team has a dedication. It will have a core of veteran players who set the standards. They will not accept defeat. -Merlin Olsen
My interest is in the future; as I'm going to be spending the rest of my life there. -Charles Kettering
Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. -Willam Faulkner
The idea is in thyself. The impediment, too, is in thyself. -Thomas Carlyle
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden
Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill. -Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. -John Petit-Senn
When the world says, Give up, hope whispers, Try it one more time. -Author unknown
It's not having been in the dark house, but having left it that counts. -Theodore Roosevelt
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness. -Henry David Thoreau
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes, in the nature of the case, different points of view. -Robert Hutchins
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. -Bonnie Prudden
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart. -Arabian Proverb
Making money is a hobby that will complement any other hobbies you have, beautifully. -Scott Alexander
Character is the result of two things: Mental attitude and the way we spend our time. -Elbert Hubbard
Calmness is the cradle of power. -Josiah Gilbert Holland
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. -Og Mandino
A man is happy so long as he choose to be happy. -Alexander Solzhenitsyn
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. -Christian Larson
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning. -Danish Proverb
Successful leaders have the courage to take action while others hesitate. -John C. Maxwell
The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players. -Don Coryell
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. -Henry David Thoreau
People never improve unless they look to some standard or example higher or better than themselves. -Tryon Edwards
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings. -Lord Chesterfield
Never let yesterday use up today. -Richard H. Nelson
A good name, like good will, is got by many actions and lost by one. -Lord Jeffrey
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind. -Eric Hoffer
Once in a while it really hits people that they don't have to experience the world in the way they have been told to. -Alan Keightley
Time heals what reason cannot. -Seneca
When you are down and out something always turns up - and it's usually the noses of your friends. -Orson Welles
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed. -Robert Collier
A ship in harbor is safe, but that's not why ships are built. -John Shedd
What you can become you are already. -Hebbel Friedrich
Fight for your opinions, but do not believe that they contain the whole truth, or the only truth. -Charles A. Dana
Yesterday ended last night. Every day is a new beginning. Learn the skill of forgetting. And move on. -Norman Vincent Peale
Decision and determination are the engineer and fireman of our train to opportunity and success. -Burt Lawlor
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -Benjamin Franklin
Do not take counsel of your fears. -George Patton
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or doing it better. -John Updike
While they were saying among themselves it cannot be done, it was done. -Helen Keller
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident. -Charles Lamb
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work. -John Lubbock
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. -W. Clement Stone
Such power there is in clear-eyed self-restraint. -James Russell Lowell
Eighty percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
Too many parents make life hard for their children by trying, too zealously, to make it easy for them. -Goethe
Every man should have a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends. -Henry Brooks Adams
Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic. -Unknown Author
What millions died that Caesar might be great? -Joseph Campell
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. -Ann Landers
Ambition is pitiless. Any merit that it cannot use it finds despicable. -Joseph Joubert
Patience and tenacity of purpose are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness. -Thomas Henry Huxley
The saints are the sinners who keep going. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Half of being smart is knowing what you are dumb about. -Solomon Short
We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen. -Calvin Coolidge
I've always been a sucker for attention. -Cuba Gooding Jr.
There is nothing lost or wasted in this life. -Bhagavad-gita
Charisma is the transference of enthusiasm. -Ralph Archbold
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost. -Billy Graham
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. -Christopher Morley
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. -Nelson Mandela
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher; and philosophy begins in wonder. -Plato
It is not enough to be compassionate. You must act also. -Tao Saying
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them; he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account. -Euripides
Capital isn't scarce; vision is. -Sam Walton
Trying is a part of failing. If you are afraid to fail then you're afraid to try. -Mrs. Cunningham
It is what we do easily and what we like to do that we do well. -Orison Swett Marden
Don't be afraid your life will end; be afraid that it will never begin. -Grace Hansen
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. -William M Bulger
In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it. -Peter Mcwilliams
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. -Erma Bombeck
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. -Emily Dickenson
A miser and a liar bargain quickly. -Greek Proverb
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within. -Mahatma Gandhi
The first wealth is health. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Few people have any next, they live from hand to mouth without a plan, and are always at the end of their line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise. View life as a continuous learning experience. -Denis Waitley
One of the most valuable things we can do to heal one another is listen to each other's stories. -Rebecca Falls
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher
Money is a good servant but a bad master. -French Proverb
My basic principle is that you don't make decisions because they are cheap; you make them because they're right. -Theodore Hesburgh
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out. -Michael Burke
To think is to practice brain chemistry. -Deepak Chopra
The important thing is not to stop questioning. -Albert Einstein
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. -Lou Holtz
Anybody can do anything that he imagines. -Henry Ford
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. -Hubert Humhrey
I am bigger than anything that can happen to me. -Charles F. Lummis
The only real failure in life is the failure to try. -Anonymous
Upon our children - how they are taught - rests the fate - or fortune - of tomorrow's world. -B C Forbes
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -Benjamin Franklin
In the darkest hour the soul is replenished and given strength to continue and endure. -Anonymous
When firmness is sufficient, rashness is unnecessary. -Napoleon Bonaparte
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. -Arthur Schlesinger
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. -Thomas Watson
Saying nothing... sometimes says the most. -Emily Dickinson
No man will work for your interests unless they are his. -David Seabury
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk. -Anonymous
Evangelism is selling a dream. -Guy Kawasaki
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well to think. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the book of life's questions, the answers are not in the back. -Charles Schultz
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -Mahatma Gandhi
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Skills are cheap; chemistry is expensive. -Mal Pancoast
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Desire creates the power. -Raymond Hollingwell
What seems impossible one minute becomes, through faith, possible the next. -Norman Vincent Peale
Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward. -Soren Kierkegaard
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph! -Marvin Phillips
Keep your thinking right And your business will be right. -Zig Ziglar
I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. -Anne Frank
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible but more mysterious. -Albert Schweitzer
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. -Seneca
If you haven't got the time to do it right, when will you find the time to do it over? -Jeffery J. Mayer
You aspire to great things? Begin with little ones. -Augustine Saint
Quit now, you'll never make it. If you disregard this advice, you'll be halfway there. -David Zucker
Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -Aldous Huxley
Success is a staircase, not a doorway. -Dottie Walters
Attitudes are more important than facts. -Karl A. Menninger
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again. -William E. Hickson
A little kindness from person to person is better than a vast love for all humankind. -Richard Dehmel
He that can have patience can have what he will. -Benjamin Franklin
There is no victory at bargain basement prices. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines. -Charles Kuralt
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. -Epictetus
Do it, dump it, or change it. -Jim Janz
Better keep yourself clean and bright. You are the window through which you must see the world. -George Bernard Shaw
It's more important to do the right thing than to do things right. -Peter Drucker
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. -Norman Schwarzkopf
In vain have you acquired knowledge if you have not imparted it to others. -Deuteronomy Rabbah
Whenever you get knocked down in the game of life, immediately get up, get better and get going again. -Greg Hickman
The first proof of a person's incapacity to achieve is their endeavoring to fix the stigma of failure on others. -B. R. Hayden
Accountability breeds response-ability. -Stephen R. Covey
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I learned that it is the weak who are cruel, and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong. -Leo Rosten
Failure is not fatal. Only failure to get back up is. -John C. Maxwell
Dare to risk public criticism. -Mary Kay Ash
Self-determination is fine but needs to be tempered with self-control. -Anonymous
Have no fear of perfection-you'll never reach it. -Salvadore Dali
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. -Mother Teresa
Folks who never do any more than they get paid for, never get paid for any more than they do. -Elbert Hubbard
People can cry much easier than they can change. -James Baldwin
I know of only one duty, and that is to love. -Albert Camus
Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creative. -Charles Mingus
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk. -Meister Eckhart
You are what you think about all day long. -Dr. Robert Schuller
Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman D. Vaughan
My wife isn't married to me forever; she's married to me for good. That keeps me on my toes. -Mal Pancoast
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -Unknown Author
For the truly faithful, no miracle is necessary. For those who doubt, no miracle is sufficient. -Nancy Gibbs
Adversity brings knowledge, and knowledge wisdom. -Welsh Proverb
Success is never certain. Failure is never final. -Robert Schuller
The guns and bombs, the rockets and the warships, all are symbols of human failure. -Lyndon Johnson
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tsu
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on. -Rabindranath Tagore
It's not failure, but low aim is crime. -Lowell
I take nothing for granted. I now have only good days, or great days. -Lance Armstrong
There is as much risk in doing nothing as in doing something. -Trammell Crow
Don't give up at half time. Concentrate on winning the second half. -Paul Bear Bryant
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -Williams James
We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. -Thomas Paine
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -Confucius
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. -Lewis B Hershey
We have all the light we need, we just need to put it in practice. -Pilgrims
HELP = H(umor), E-go, edging God out, L-istening, P-urpose. -Ken Blanchard
Long-range planning works best in the short term -Doug Evelyn
We are always getting ready to live but never living. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
God's delays are not God's denials. -Robert Schuller
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding. -Guy Finley
Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? -Anonymous
Love without attachment is light. -Norman O Brown
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing. -Confucius
The perfecting of one's self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development. -Confucius
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. -Ethiopian Proverb
The less routine the more life. -Amos Bronson Alcott
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. -Maya Angelou
Nothing is so strong as gentleness and nothing is so gentle as real strength. -Ralph W. Sockman
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Ann Frank
All poetic inspiration is but dream interpretation. -Hans Sachs
Friends are as companions on a journey, who ought to aid each other to persevere in the road to a happier life. -Pythagoras
A man's dreams are an index to his greatness. -Zadok Rabinwitz
To enhance the quality of the day... that is the highest of the arts. -Henry David Thoreau
There's lots of people who spend so much time watching their health, they haven't got time to enjoy it. -Josh Billings
We must build a new world, a far better world - one in which the eternal dignity of man is respected. -Harry S. Truman
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes. -Norman Vincent Peale
No man is exempt from saying silly things; the mischief is to say them deliberately. -Montaigne
Management works in the system; leadership works on the system. -Stephen R. Covey
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. -Thomas Edison
Luck is when opportunity knocks and you answer. -Unknown Author
Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows. -Henry David Thoreau
Be free all worthy spirits, and stretch yourselves, for greatness and for height. -George Champman
Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. -H L Mencken
Man's character is his fate. -Heraclitus
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way. -Wayne Dyer
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Alva Edison
If you don't hurry up and let life know what you want, life will damned soon show you what you'll get. -Robertson Davies
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. -Edwin Markham
Be intent on the perfection of the present day. -William Law
Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can. -Lowell Thomas
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Do not anxiously hope for that which is not yet come; do not vainly regret what is already past. -Chinese Proverb
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it. -Francis Bacon
Begin with the end in mind. -Stephen Covey
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -Otto Rank
When people are like each other they tend to like each other. -Anthony Robbins
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost. -Charles Caleb Colton
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live. -Joan Borysenko
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy. -Guillaume Apollinaire
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited. -Robert Freeman
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him to find it within himself. -Galileo
It is surprising what a man can do when he has to, and how little most men will do when they don't have to. -Walter Linn
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for. -Dag Hammerskjold
When you truly give up trying to be whole through others, you end up receiving what you always wanted from others. -Shakti Gawain
Character matters; leadership descends from character. -Rush Limbaugh
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything. -Lee Iacocca
Oh, give us the man who sings at his work. -Thomas Carlyle
The only way around is through. -Robert Frost
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. -Margaret Cousins
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand. -Baruch Spinoza
You are seeking joy and peace in far-off places. But the spring of joy is in your heart. The haven of peace is in yourself. -Satya Sai Baba
Any thought that is passed on to the subconscious often enough and convincingly enough is finally accepted. -Robert Collier
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. -Earl Nightingale
The a cyclone drives its powers from a calm center. So does a person. -Norman Vincent Peale
No passion so effectually robs the mind of its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. -Edmund Burke
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks. -Herodotus
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost
Without haste, but without rest. -Goethe
I am for those means which will give the greatest good to the greatest number. -Abraham Lincoln
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. -Aesop
Happiness is not something you experience, it's something you remember. -Oscar Levant
The best proof of love is trust. -Joyce Brothers
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!. -James Dillet Freeman
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation. -Rob Gilbert
The tallest trees are most in the power of the winds, and ambitious men of the blasts of fortune. -William Penn
The rich live hand-to-mouth too-just on a higher level. -John Guare
A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations. -Patricia Neal
Courage is the willingness to accept fear and act anyway. -Author unknown
The mode in which the inevitable comes to pass is through effort. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. -Thomas Jefferson
Failure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved. -Lao Tzu
There is but one philosophy and its name is fortitude! To bear is to conquer our fate. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. -James Allen
I've go to say no to the good say yes to the best. -Zig Ziglar
As a man grows older it is harder and harder to frighten him. -Jean Paul Richter
The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win. -Roger Bannister
The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference. -Mal Pancoast
The bravest are the tenderest. The loving are the daring. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot. -Anthony Robbins
Your own mind is a sacred enclosure into which nothing harmful can enter except by your permission. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do what you fear most and you control fear. -Tom Hopkins
We live at the edge of the miraculous. -Henry Miller
The jack of all trades seldom is good at any. Concentrate all of your efforts on one definite chief aim. -Napoleon Hill
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul, and sings the tunes without the words and never stops at all. -Emily Dickinson
If you chase two rabbits, both will escape. -Anonymous
To him who is determined it remains only to act. -Italian Proverb
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain
Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. -Albert Camus
Whoever acquires knowledge but does not practice it, is as one who plows but does not sow. -Saadi
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. -Robert Green Ingersoll
This time like all times is a very good one if we but know what to do with it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion. -Carl G Jung
If music be the food of love; play on. -William Shakespeare
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream. -Unknown Author
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D Roosevelt
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -Art Linkletter
And we are put on Earth a little space, that we may learn to bear the beams of love. -William Blake.
Integrity is the foundation upon which all other values are built. -Brian Tracy
Worry is like a rocking chair - it gives you something to do but won't get you anywhere. -Unknown Author
Who so loves believes the impossible. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning. -Dennis T. Menace
If you want to achieve a high goal, you're going to have to take some chances. -Alberto Salazar
He, who has health, has hope; and he who has hope has everything. -Arabian Proverb
Remember, you only have to succeed the last time. -Brian Tracy
Ninety percent of success is showing up. -Woody Allen
A leader is a person you will follow to a place you wouldn't go by yourself. -Joel Arthur Barker
The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness. -Havelock Ellis
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. -General George Patton
A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -Mother Teresa
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens. -Carl Jung
When the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail. -Abraham Maslow
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Allan K. Chalmers
The human race is governed by its imagination. -Napoleon Bonaparte
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything. -Bishop W. C. Magee
Imagination decides everything. -Blaise Pascal
Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you. -Malcolm Cowley
Handle them carefully, for words have more power than atom bombs. -Pearl Strachan Hurd
If you go as far as you can see, you will then see enough to go even farther. -John Wooden
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence. -Henry Chestor
If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy. -H. Duane Black
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -Richard Bach (Illusions)
Never leave that till to-morrow which you can do to-day. -Benjamin Franklin
Four innate sentiments dispose people to a universal moral sense. These are sympathy, fairness, self-control and duty. -James Q. Wilson
A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him. -John C. Maxwell
Give every man thy ear but few thy voice. -William Shakespeare
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. A joyful heart is the inevitable result of a heart burning with love. -Mother Teresa
Our opportunities to do good are our talents. -Cotton Mather
There are two things that are hard to hit and see, thats a spooky ghost and Muhammed Ali. -Muhammed Ali
Doomed are the hotheads! Unhappy are they who lose their cool and are too proud to say, I'm sorry. -Robert H. Schuller
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart. -Seneca
Subtlety may deceive you; integrity never will. -Oliver Cromwell
When you go in search of honey you must expect to be stung by bees. -Kenneth Kaunda
It is not failure itself that holds you back; it is the fear of failure that paralyzes you. -Brian Tracy
Everything is perfect in the universe, even your desire to improve it. -Wayne W. Dyer
You're only lonely if you don't like the person you are alone with. -Wayne Dyer
Hitch your wagon to a star. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Opportunities are never lost; they are taken by others. -Unknown Author
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions. -Mark Twain
The world is not to be put in order, the world is order incarnate. It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order. -Henry Miller
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about. -Wayne Dyer
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. -Wayne Dyer
The mechanics of industry is easy. The real engine is the people : Their motivation and direction. -Ken Gilbert
Now the Name of Jesus is a concrete and powerful means of transforming men and women into their hidden, innermost utmost reality. -Bible
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. -Winston Churchill
It often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong. -Abraham Lincoln
If you can not find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it? -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is change continuing change, inevitable change that is the dominant factor in society today. -Isaac Asimov
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard. Putting off a hard thing makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
It's not easy being green. -Kermit The Frog
Making a success of the job at hand is the best step toward the kind you want. -Bernard M. Baruch
It's not the having, it's the getting. -Elizabeth Taylor
On the way to what you planned to happen, something even better comes along. -Janice Endique
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen. -Brigitte Bardot
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well. -Lord Chesterfield
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. -Tryon Edwards
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
Mysteries are not necessarily miracles. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. -Albert Camus
Everything is perfect in the universe-even your desire to improve it. -Wayne Dyer
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it. -Vince Lombardi
The truth shall make you free. -The Bible, John 8:32
You are only as strong as your purpose, therefore let us choose reasons to act that are big, bold, righteous and eternal. -Barry Munro
In a friend you find a second self. -Isabelle Norton
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at. -Goethe
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think. -Jean de la Bruyčre
Its the moment you think you can't that you realize you can. -Celine Dion
I would give all the wealth of the world, and all the deeds of all the heroes, for one true vision. -Henry David Thoreau
No one can make you jealous, angry, vengeful, or greedy - unless you let him. -Napoleon Hill
The eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing. -Publilius Syrus
Happiness consists in activity. It is a running steam, not a stagnant pool. -John Mason Good
Find peace with yourself by accepting not only what you are, but what you are never going to be. -Unknown Author
Tough times never last but tough people do. -Robert Schuller
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements. -Werner Erhardt
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me. -Zina Garrison
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. -Ralph Nader
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is. -Zig Ziglar
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after. -Slovenian Proverb
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity. -Daniel Barenboim
When I hear somebody sigh that "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?". -Sydney Harris
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible. -Frank Gaines
Nothing is beneath you if it is in the direction of your life. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating. You are creating your next moment. That is what's real. -Sara Paddison
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. -Nathaniel Branden
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. -Dale Carnegie
Be not forgetful to entertain strangers for thereby some have entertained angels unawares. -Hebrews 13:2
The center of human nature is rooted in ten thousand ordinary acts of kindness that define our days. -Stephen Jay Gould
If it's not growing, it's going to die. -Michael Eisner
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck. -Og Mandino
Self-respect permeates every aspect of your life. -Joe Clark
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow. -Peter Mcwilliams
I have had dreams, and I have had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams. -Jonas Salk
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. -John Milton
To have joy one must share it. Happiness was born a twin. -Lord Byron
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be. -Socrates
We make our fortunes and we call them fate. -Benjamin Disraeli
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart. -Chris Evert
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. -Aldous Huxley
The only person whom you really have reason to fear, is yourself. -Langenhoven
Make no mistake, my friend, it takes more than money to make men rich. -A. P. Gouthey
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. -Stevie Wonder
What we need is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out. -Bertrand Russell
All paths are the same, leading nowhere. Therefore, pick a path with heart!. -Carlos Castenada
We must be the change we wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
There are people who have money and people who are rich. -Coco Gabrielle Chanel
Hold a true friend with both your hands. -Nigerian Proverb
Some gifts are big, others are small. Gifts from the heart are the best gifts of all. -Unknown Author
Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps. -Helmut Schmidt
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. -Plato
What is art but a way of seeing? -Thomas Berger
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go. -Josh Billings
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right. -William Safire
Nothing is politically right which is morally wrong. -Daniel O'connell
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you fear something, learn as much about it as you can. Knowledge conquers fear. -Unknown author
Enthusiasm releases the drive to carry you over obstacles and adds significance to all you do. -Norman Vincent Peale
A man without character is like a ship without a rudder. -Karl G. Maeser
Happiness is an expression of the soul in considered actions. -Aristotle
In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves. -Bernard Baruch
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney
Chance is the providence of adventurers. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey! -Barbara Hoffman
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. -Ulysses S. Grant
The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before. -Steve Young
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. -Robert Lewis Stevenson
Passion is in all great searches and is necessary to all creative endeavors. -W Eugene Smith
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
If you play it safe in life, you've decided that you don't want to grow anymore. -Shirley Hufstedler
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself. -Chinese Proverb
Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress. -Alfred A. Montapert
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self. -Jean-Luc Godard
Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues. -Cary Grant
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven. -John Milton
When patterns are broken, new worlds emerge. -Tuli Kupferberg
Diamonds are nothing more than chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls. -Gerald G Jampolsky
There are many paths to the top of the mountain, but the view is always the same. -Chinese Proverb
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Arnold Bennet
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance. -H. Jackson Brown
That which we are capable of feeling, we are capable of saying. -Cervantes
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light. -Thomas Fuller, M. D.
Enthusiasm is the way you trigger other people's emotions so they instinctively help and support you. -Paul Meyer
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals. -Aristotle
It is not important what you believe, only that you believe. -Unknown author
When you're a winner you're always happy, but if you're happy as a loser you'll always be a loser. -Mark Fidrych
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
If you have confidence you have patience. Confidence, that is everything. -Ilie Nastase
We cannot swing up on a rope that is attached only to our own belt. -William Ernest Hocking
A friend in need is a friend indeed. -Latin Proverb
Creating success is tough but keeping it is tougher. -Pete Roseg
Desire is the thing you want in incipiency. -Emilie Cady
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will. -Dr. Robert Anthony
Death comes to all. But great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold. -George Fabricius
A stumble may prevent a fall. -English proverb
A man, when he wishes, is the master of his fate. -Jose Ferrer
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it. -William Ellery Channing
Wherever the fates lead us let us follow. -Virgil
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile goals. -Paul J. Meyer
Inspiration is needed in geometry, just as much as in poetry. -Aleksandr Sergeyevich Pushkin
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Opportunities multiply as they are seized, they die when neglected. -John Wicker
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. -Booker T. Washington
Among all human constructions the only ones that avoid the dissolving hands of time are castles in the air. -Frederico de Roberto
Tell me who you love, and I'll tell you who you are. -Creole proverb
Life without a friend is like death without a witness. -Spanish Proverb
Some people not only expect opportunity to knock, they expect it to beat down the door. -Author unknown
We don't grow unless we take risks. Any successful company is riddled with failures. -James E. Burke
No woman has ever so comforted the distressed or distressed the comfortable. on Eleanor Roosevelt. -Claire Booth Luce
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. -Kahlil Gibran
My eyes make pictures when they are shut. -Samuel T. Coleridge
Bad habits are like chains that are too light to feel until they are too heavy to carry. -Warren Buffet
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. -Unknown Author
There is time for everything. -Thomas Edison
We listened to what our customers wanted and acted on what they said. Good things happen when you pay attention. -John F. Smith
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion. -Dale Carnegie
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward. -Charlotte Bronte
Old people have fewer diseases than the young, but their diseases never leave them. -Hippocrates
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything. -B. Dodge
The one unchangeable certainty is that nothing is unchangeable or certain. -John F Kennedy
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery. -Francis Bacon
One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you. -Anonymous
People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be. -Abraham Lincoln
Fill your house with gold and jade, and it can no longer be guarded. -Tao Saying
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. -Plato
The best is yet to be. -Robert Browning
A good plan violently executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week. -General George Patton
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission. -Eleanor Roosevelt.
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. -Japanese proverb
Responsibility walks hand in hand with capacity and power. -Josiah Gilbert Holland
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate. -Hubert H. Humphrey
An excuse is worse than a lie, for an excuse is a lie, guarded. -Alexander Pope
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
The most useless are those who never change through the years. -James Barrie
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
The greatest obstacle to progress is prejudice. -Bavee
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcom S. Forbes
Sometimes a noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success. -Dowden
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. -Thomas Jefferson
A baby is born with a need to be loved and never outgrows it. -Frank A Clark
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight. -Arthur Ashe
Those who make the worse use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness. -Jean De La Bruyere
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means. -Leo Buscaglia
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity. -Walt Schmidt
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. -George Horace Lorimer
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. -St. Basil, Greek religious leader
I was made to work. If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful. -Johann Sebastian Bach
Search for the seed of good in every adversity. -Og Mandino
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher. -Japanese Proverb
Character is a victory, not a gift. -Anonymous
It is the response to error that counts. -Nikki Giovanni
Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment. -Thomas Carlyle
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? -Unknown Author
What is the good of being a genius if you cannot use it as an excuse for being unemployed? -Gerald Barzan
The groundwork of all happiness is health. -Leigh Hunt
There are no office hours for leaders. -Cardinal J. Gibbons
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget. -Talmud
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Courage is knowing what not to fear. -Plato
The man who wins may have been counted out several times but he didn't hear the referee. -H E Jansen
One extends one's limits only by exceeding them. -Scott M Peck
Good is not good where better is expected. -Thomas Fuller
The harder you fall, the higher you bounce. -Anonymous
Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret. -Mary Kay Ash
We are not here merely to make a living. We are here to enrich the world. -Woodrow Wilson
On a single winged word hath hung the destiny of nations. -Wendall Phillips
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. -Mark Twain
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life. -Leo Buscaglia
When your work speaks for itself, get out of the way. -Thomas 'wayne' Brazell
If there were no problems, most of us would be unemployed. -Zig Ziglar
When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself. -Louis Nizer
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened. -Winston Churchill
No pressure, no diamonds. -Mary Case
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going... it's as simple as that. -Earl Nightingale
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives. -Louise Hay
Life is too short to be small. -Benjamin Disraeli
You cannot be a leader, and ask other people to follow you, unless you know how to follow, too. -Sam Rayburn
Take care in your minutes, and the hours will take care of themselves. -Lord Chesterfield
A difference, to be a difference, must make a difference. -James Farr
You put together the best team that you can with the players you've got, and replace those who aren't good enough. -Robert Crandall
What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everybody on a championship team doesn't get publicity, but everyone can say he's a champion. -Earvin Magic Johnson
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
If you're afraid to die, you will not be able to live. -James Baldwin
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be. -Unknown Author
Comfort and prosperity have never enriched the world as much as adversity has. -Billy Graham
If your capacity to acquire has outstripped your capacity to enjoy, you are on the way to the scrap-heap. -Glen Buck
You don't drown by falling in the water. You drown by staying there. -Unknown Author
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope. -Abraham Cowley
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will. -Epictetus
I am a part of all that I have seen. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Confidence is courage at ease. -Daniel Maher
Nothing is stronger than habit. -Ovid
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money. -Robert Collier
That which offends the ear will not easily gain admission to the mind. -Quintilian
Every noble work is at first impossible. -Thomas Carlyle
If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
You can come to understand your purpose in life by slowing down and feeling your heart's desires. -Marcia Wieder
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow. -Dan Rather
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers. -Voltaire
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. -John C. Maxwell
Nothing can work me damage except myself. -St. Bernard
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. -Joe Paterno
There is no real excellence in all this world which can be separated from right living. -David Starr Jordan
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. -Aristotle Onassis
One sees great things from the valley, only small things from the peak. -G. K. Chesterton
A man is a worker. If he is not that he is nothing. -Joseph Conrad
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Coach Darrel Royal
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories. -Michel de Montaigne
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity. -Walter Dill Scott
There is nothing so fatal to character as half finished tasks. -David Lloyd George
Nothing can harm a good man, either in life or after death. -Socrates
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day. -Anonymous
I would never have amounted to anything were it not for adversity. I was forced to come up the hard way. -J. C. Penney
What man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out. -Bob Moawad
Charm is a way of getting the answer yes without asking a clear question. -Albert Camus, The Fall
Wealth is not in making money, but in making the man while he is making money. -John Wicker
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. -Jonathon Swift
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. -Miguel De Cervantes
Failure is not the worst thing in the world. The very worst is not to try. -Anonymous
To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die. -Clyde Campbell
Life is a promise; fulfill it. -Mother Teresa
There is no must in art because art is free. -Wassily Kandinsky
Hope is a waking dream. -Aristotle
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. -Malcolm Forbes
Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Honor and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honor lies. -Alexander Pope
The suspicious parent makes an artful child. -Thomas G. Halliburton
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. -Joe Paterno
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind. -John Beecher
Do not fear the winds of adversity. Remember: A kite rises against the wind rather than with it. -Unknown Author
You don't get to control any outcome, only every choice you make along the way. -Stephen C Paul
There is nothing so annoying as to have two people talking when you're busy interrupting. -Mark Twain
It is essential to understand that battles are primarily won in the hearts of men. -Vincent Lombardi
Everything you need you already have. -Wayne Oates
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
Destiny grants us our wishes, but in its own way, in order to give us something beyond our wishes. -Goethe
Energy is equal to desire and purpose. -Sheryl Adams
Never fight an inanimate object. -P. J. O'Rourke
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. -Susan Ohanian
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
I am definitely going to take a course on time management... just as soon as I can work it into my schedule. -Louis E. Boone
No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
Do not worry about holding high position; worry rather about playing your proper role. -Confucius
One should count each day a separate life. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
If things seem under control, you are just not going fast enough. -Mario Andretti
Imagination... its limits are only those of the mind itself. -Rod Serling
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. -Robert Collier
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. -Theodore Levitt
Deal honestly and objectively with yourself; intellectual honesty and personal courage are the hallmarks of great character. -Brian Tracy
Be enthusiastic as a leader. You can't light a fire with a wet match! -Unknown Author
He who finds diamonds must grapple in mud and mire because diamonds are not found in polished stones. They are made. -Henry B. Wilson
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. -Ben Hogan
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke
Work is man's most natural form of relaxation. -Dagobert D. Runes
It's always the challenge of the future, this feeling of excitement, that drives me. -Yoshihisa Tabuchi
You'll miss 100 per cent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky
Any man who selects a goal in life which can be fully achieved has already defined his own limitations. -Cavett Robert
I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more. -Dr. Jonas Salk
The odds of hitting your target go up dramatically when you aim at it. -Mal Pancoast
The most important thing about motivation is goal setting. You should always have a goal. -Francie Larrieu Smith
Ordinary people think merely of spending time. Great people think of using it. -Unknown Author
No man is hurt but by himself. -Diogenes
Do not resent growing old. Many are denied the privilege. -Unknown
Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone. -Unknown Author
The unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks. -Samuel Johnson
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. -Doug Larson
As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will-he will be sure to repent it. -Socrates
People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do. -Albert Hubbard
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. -Barbara DeAngelis
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business. -Michael J. Fox
Live out of your imagination, not your history. -Stephen Covey
I never know what I think about something until I read what I've written on it. -William Faulkner
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it. -Frank Tyger
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life. -Christina (Queen of Sweden)
Before everything else; getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow. -Norman Vincent Peale
Evaluate what you want - because what gets measured, gets produced. -James A. Belasco
Character is always lost when a high ideal is sacrificed on the altar of conformity and popularity. -Unknown Author
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. -Richard M. DeVos
Do not lose your inward peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset. -Saint Francis De Sales
None of us is as smart as all of us. -Japanese proverb
Happiness is a continuation of happenings which are not resisted. -Deepak Chopra
Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love. -Leo Buscaglia
The better work men do is always done under stress and at great personal cost. -William Carlos Williams
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet. -Stanislaw J. Lec
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar. -Helen Keller
One of the best uses of your time is to increase your competence in your key result areas. -Brian Tracy
The power of man's virtue should not be measured by his special efforts, but by his ordinary doings. -Blaise Pascal
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame. -Pearl S. Buck
The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground. -G K Chesterton
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear. -William Jennings Bryan
Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you. -Jerry Gillies
Nothing focuses the mind better than the constant sight of a competitor who wants to wipe you off the map. -Wayne Calloway
If one desires a change, one must be that change before that change can take place. -Gita Bellin
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it. -Robin Williams
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Colin Wilson
Management is nothing more than motivating other people. -Lee Iacocca
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can? -Sun Tzu
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure. -Edward Eggleston
All who wander are not lost. -J. R. R. Tolkien
If a man happens to find himself, he has a mansion which he can inhabit with dignity all the days of his life. -James A. Michener
Necessity is the mother of taking chances. -Mark Twain
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk. -Bill Rodgers
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting. -Vincent Van Gogh
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -Aristotle
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. -Chinese Proverb
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn... and change. -Carl Rogers
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. -Roger Staubach
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat. -Herschel Walker
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people. -Peter Marshall
We shrink from change; yet is there anything that can come into being without it? -Marcus Aurelius
Remember, what you say comes back to you. -Zig Ziglar
Choosing what you want to do, and when to do it, is an act of creation. -Peter Mcwilliams
Picture in your mind a sense of personal destiny. -Wayne Oates
There are one hundred and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first. -Willie Shoemaker
Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law. -Emmanuel Kant
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time. -Joe Girard
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. -Walter Winchell
Art is everywhere, except it has to pass through a creative mind. -Louise Nevelson
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means. -Albert Einstein
Moments of kindness and reconciliation are worth having, even if the parting has to come sooner or later. -Alice Munro
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can. -Jimmy Carter
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read. -Groucho Marx
Friends are treasures. -Horace Burns
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer. - Gnomologia, 1732. -Thomas Fuller
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them. -Bernard M. Baruch
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands. -Clint Eastwood
Take chances. When rowing forward, the boat may rock. -Chinese proverb
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal. -Pamela Vaull Starr
There is always a way-if you're committed. -Anthony Robbins
Good values are easier caught than taught. -Zig Ziglar
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get – only what you are expecting to give. -Katherine Hepburn
A strong passion... will insure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means. -Willam Hazlitt
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. -George Bernard Shaw
Virtue is its own reward. -Cicero
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3:18 NRSV
Deeds, not stones, are the true monuments of the great. -John L. Motley
Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise. -William Shakespeare
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome. -Jules W Lederer
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. -Abraham Maslow
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else. -John Madden
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
When you seek it, you cannot find it. -Zen Proverb
I look upon every day to be lost, in which I do not make a new acquaintance. -Samuel Johnson
In selling as in medicine, prescription before diagnosis is malpractice. -Tony Allasandra
Each is responsible for his own actions. -H. L. Hunt
He not busy being born is busy dying. -Bob Dylan
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. -Les Brown
My mother's menu consisted of two choices: Take it or leave it. -Buddy Hackett
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see. -Winston Churchill
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. -George H. Lonmer
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so. -Charles De Gaulle
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak. -Epictetus
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort. -Peter Mcwilliams
The basic rule of free enterprise: You must give in order to get. -Scott Alexander
If you want to look young and thin, hang around old fat people. -Jim Eason.
You get out in front - you stay out in front. -A. J. Foyt
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible to others. -Jonathon Swift
The optimist sees opportunity in every danger; the pessimist sees danger in every opportunity. -Winston Churchill
Lawyers-a profession it is to disguise matters. -Sir Thomas More
Habits are at first cobwebs, then cables. -Spanish Proverb
One should use praise to recognize what one is not. -Elias Canetti
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
It takes struggle, a goal and enthusiasm to make a champion. -Norman Vincent Peale
Rough diamonds may sometimes be mistaken for worthless pebbles. -Sir Thomas Browne
When your writing is filled with detail, it has a lot more impact. -Ivan Levison
You can't choose up sides on a round world. -Wayne Dyer
He has half the deed done who has made a beginning. -Flaccus
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sweat plus sacrifice equals success. -Charlie Finley
It is necessary; therefore, it is possible. -G A Borghese
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. -Alan Simpson
If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue. -Edmund Burke
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it is going. -Wayne Gretsky
Every artist writes his own autobiography. -Havelock Ellis
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. -Christian Larson
To go too far is as bad as to fall short. -Confucius
The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. -Frances Willard
Power is the ability to do good things for others. -Brooke Astor
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud. -Hermann Hesse
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has. -Henry Ward Beecher
Stumbling is not falling. -Portuguese Proverb
The manager has a short-range view; the leader has a long-range perspective. -Warren Bennis
Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones. -Benjamin Disraeli
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. -Amelia Earhart
Every creative act involves...a new innocence of perception, liberated from the cataract of accepted belief. -Arthur Koestler
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success. -Anonymous
Man was predestined to have free will. -Hal Luyah
The mind of man is capable of anything because everything is in it, all the past as well as the future. -Joseph Conrad
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. -Julius Caesar
A second ago is gone, and a second from now might be. Now is all you've got. Go for it! -Lyn St. James
A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial. -Clifton Fadiman
Success and rest don't sleep together. -Russian proverb
Fall seven times, stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
Create your future from your future not your past. -Werner Erhardt
We are digging our graves with our teeth. -Thomas Moffett
Remember, happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have, it depends solely upon what you think. -Dale Carnegie
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's dreams of possibilities become images of probabilities. -Vic Braden
Failure is the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Life is 10 percent what you make it and 90 percent how you take it. -Irving Berlin
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. -Andre Gide
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. -William James
If you wish to make a man your enemy, tell him simply, You are wrong. This method works every time. -Henry Link
The sower may mistake and sow his peas crookedly; the peas make no mistake, but come up and show his line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We're all stumbling towards the light with varying degrees of grace at any given moment. -Bo Lozoff
We will either find a way, or make one. -Hannibal
Persevere and get it done. -George Allen
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine. -Mario Fernandez
To find a fault is easy; to do better may be difficult. -Plutarch
Enthusiasm is the yeast that raises the dough. -Paul J. Meyer
Leadership is based on a spiritual quality; the power to inspire the power to inspire others to follow. -Vincent Lombardi
If you forget you have to struggle for improvement you go backward. -Geoffrey Hickson
They who are all things to their neighbors cease to be anything to themselves. -Norman Douglas
Chance favors only those who court her. -Charles Nicolle
Don't wait for someone else to make your life terrific. That's your job. -Unknown author
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. -Ambrose Bierce
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
What is once well done is done forever. -Henry David Thoreau
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour. -Mary Kay Ash
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
He that waits upon fortune is never sure of a dinner. -Benjamin Franklin
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together. -Vesta Kelly
A will finds a way. -Orison Swett Marden
You options are limited only by your fears. -Unknown Author
Just go out there and do what you've got to do. -Martina Navratilova
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
You must make your own opportunities. -John B. Gough
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one is to blame. -Erica Jong
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be. -David Viscott
Today I have grown taller from walking with the trees. -Karl Baker
Things do not have meaning. We assign meaning to everything. -Anthony Robbins
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. -Carl G Jung
Expenditure rises to meet income. -C Northcote Parkinson
Never cut what you can untie. -Joseph Joubert
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature. -St. Augustine
Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason. -Andre Gide
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable. -Zig Ziglar
Writing comes more easily if you have something to say. -Sholem Asch
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist. -Mark Twain
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. -Lao Tzu
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welch
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love. -David McCullough
The first duty of man is to conquer fear; he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then. -Thomas Carlyle
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -Les Brown
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. -Oscar Wilde
You can measure a man by the opposition it takes to discourage him. -Robert C. Savage
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure. -Benjamin Disraeli
Such as we are made of, such we be. -Shakespeare
The darkest hour of a man's life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it. -Horace Greeley
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
When you blame others, you give up your power to change. -Douglas Noel Adams
You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through. -Rosalynn Carter
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
God's heart is the most sensitive and tender of all. No act goes unnoticed, no matter how insignificant or small. -Richard J. Foster
Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it. -Madeleine L'Engle
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end. -Abraham Lincoln
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. -Marilyn vos Savant
My friends are my estate. -Emily Dickinson
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do. -Kahlil Gibran
A cause a day keeps reality away. -Jim Fraser
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. -Anonymous
Classic art was the art of necessity: modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want greater prosperity in your life, start forming a vacuum to receive it. -Catherine Ponder
The people who oppose your ideas are inevitably those who represent the established order that your ideas will upset. -Anthony D'angelo
Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. -John W. Gardner
Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model. -Vincent Van Gogh
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin Roosevelt
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. -The Dalai Lama
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom. -John Gray
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle. -Abraham Lincoln
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
You can't always control the wind, but you can control your sails. -Anthony Robbins
Prosperity is not without many fears and disasters; and adversity is not without comforts and hopes. -Francis Bacon
A champion hates to lose even more than she loves to win. -Chris Evert
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. -Unknown Author
Concentration is the secret of strengths in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love and you shall be loved. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential. -Anthony Robbins
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank A. Clark
All things are difficult before they are easy. -John Norley
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. -Charles Luckman
What is now proved was once imagined. -William Blake
If one doesn't respect oneself one can have neither love nor respect for others. -Ayn Rand
Fulfillment is reaching your own expectations, not the expectations of others. -Unknown Author
When a thought is too weak to be expressed simply, simply drop it. -Marquis de Vauvenargues
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. -Noelie Alito
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When once the itch of literature comes over a man, nothing can sure it but the scratching of a pen. -Samuel Lover
If I have seen further, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. -Sir Isaac Newton
People do not attract that which they want, but that which they are. -James Allen
Whatever you can do, or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius, magic, and power in it. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: I did not have time. -Franklin Field
You can be right or you can be happy. -Gerald G Jampolsky
Aviation is proof that given, the will, we have the capacity to achieve the impossible. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. -Euripides
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
You can plant a dream. -Anne Campbell
For fast acting relief try slowing down. -Lily Tomlin
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Be charitable before wealth makes thee covetous. -Sir Thomas Browne
I shut my eyes in order to see. -Paul Gauguin
The secret of success is making your vocation your vacation. -Mark Twain
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be. -Adlai E. Stevenson
There has never been a statue erected to the memory of someone who let well enough alone. -Jules Ellinger
America's number one energy crisis is Monday morning. -Unknown Author
And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb. -Kahlil Gibran
People travel in the way of least resistance, by choosing one's environment, one will travel in a particular way. -H. Janicki
We don't know who we are until we see what we can do. -Martha Grimes
The people and circumstances around me do not make me what I am, they reveal who I am. -Dr. Laura Schlessinger
If you can imagine it you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
You make mistakes. Mistakes don't make you. -Maxwell Maltz
Winning has always meant much to me, but winning friends has meant the most. -Babe Didrikson Zaharias
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability to overcome bad luck. -Channing Pollock
Every failure made me more confident. Because I wanted even more to achieve as revenge, to show that I could. -Roman Polanski
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have. -William Hazlitt
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires and fears is more than a king. -John Milton
Tough times never last, but tough people do. -Dr. Robert Schuller
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit. -R. E. Shay
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James McNeill Whistler
Enthusiasm is a vital element toward the individual success of every man or woman. -Conrad Hilton
If you want to be happy for a year, plant a garden; if you want to be happy for life, plant a tree. -English proverb
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends. -Japanese Proverb
Look for a thing until you find it and you'll not lose your labor. -Chinese Proverb
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryun
If you are not getting as much from life as you want to, then examine the state of your enthusiasm. -Norman Vincent Peale
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. -Franklin P Jones
The wrongdoer is more unfortunate than the man wronged. -Democritus
If you have accomplished all that you have planned for yourself, you have not planned enough. -Edward Everett Hale
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. -Al Bernstein
Do more than is required of you. -George S. Patton
We teach what we live. -Unknown Author
No man is lonely while eating spaghetti. It requires so much attention. -Christopher Morley
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. -Albert Einstein
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body; the wishbone. -Robert Frost
No man is fit to command another that cannot command himself. -William Penn
Ninety-nine percent of who you are is invisible and untouchable. -Buckminster Fuller
Be humble, be big in mind and soul, be kindly; you will like yourself that way and so will other people. -Norman Vincent Peale
The battle, sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. -Patrick Henry
If what you're working for really matters, you'll give it all you've got. -Nido Qubein
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Tao Te Ching
Love until it hurts. Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure. -Mother Teresa
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. -Lao Tzu
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable, procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. -George Washington
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born. -Deepak Chopra
Success is 10 percent inspiration and 90 percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't. -Sir Nathan Rothschild
Joy comes from using your potential. -Will Schultz
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination. -Unknown Author
Always listen to the experts. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it. -Robert Heinlein
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. -William Blake
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. -Thomas Paine
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
This time like all times is a very good one if we but know what to do with it -Ralph Waldo Emerson
My father always told me, "Find a job you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life.". -Jim Fox
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds. -George Eliot
The hard way is the right way. -John Alves
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. -Hugh Downs
He who hesitates is probably right. -Bogovich
Age considers; youth ventures. -Rabindranath Tagore
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Show class, have pride and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself. -Paul Bryant
I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position. -Mark Twain
Look and you will find it. What is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him. -Romain Gary
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do. -Johann von Goethe
We are all cells in the same body of humanity. -Pilgrims
Business is like a man rowing a boat upstream. He has no choice; he must go ahead or he will go back. -Lewis E. Pierson
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Find your horse. Discover the direction the horse is going. Ride the horse in that direction. -Peter Mcwilliams
Think and speak the beautiful only. -Christian Larson
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. -Dr. Jonas Salk
Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer. -Winston Churchill
Hope is a risk that must be run. -George Bernanos
View life as a continuous learning experience. -Denis Waitley
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe. -Larry Eisenberg
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway. -Mary Kay Ash
You cannot be anything if you want to be everything. -Solomon Schechter
It's simply a matter of doing what you do best and not worrying about what the other fellow is going to do. -John Adams
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. -M. Scott Peck
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. -William Shakespeare
Not the fruit of experience but experience itself, is the end. -Walter Pater
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
It is in human nature to relax, when not compelled by personal advantage or disadvantage. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Leaders are problem solvers by talent and temperament, and by choice. -Harlan Cleveland
We go where our vision is. -Joseph Edward Murphy
Upon our children - how they are taught - rests the fate - or fortune - of tomorrow's world. -B. C. Forbes
He who has put a good finish to his undertaking is said to have placed a golden crown to the whole. -Eustachius
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth. -Aleksandr Solzhenitzyn
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. -Louis. D. Brandeis
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion. -Jean-Claude Kelly
Opportunity is missed by most people because it comes dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Alva Edison
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves. -Sir Edmund Hillary
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. -Earl Nightingale
Let your intentions create your methods and not the other way around. -Peter Mcwilliams
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
They're only truly great who are truly good. -George Chapman
To those who can dream there is no such place as faraway. -Unknown Author
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. -Richard Bach
No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking. -Voltaire
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. -Henry Ward Beecher
High expectations are the key to everything. -Sam Walton
The fearful unbelief is unbelief in yourself. -Thomas Carlyle
The longest journey of any person is the journey inward. -Dag Hammerskjvld
Hope is the denial of reality. - Dragons of Winter Night. -Margaret Weis
Start off every day with a smile and get it over with. -W. C. Fields
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
Be yourself. Who else is better qualified?. -Frank Giblin, Ii
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. -John Wayne
Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the gratefully and appreciating heart. -Henry Clay
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. -Lewis Grizzard
The price of greatness is responsibility. -Winston Churchill
Goals help you channel your energy into action. -Les Brown
Heaven on earth is a choice you must make, not a place we must find. -Wayne Dyer
The nice thing about teamwork is that you always have others on your side. -Margaret Carty
There is great force hidden in a gentle command. -George Herbert
Beware how you take away hope from any human being. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth. -Johann Friedrich von Schiller
Like what you do. If you don't like it, do something else. -Paul Harvey
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do. -Bob Dylan
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment. -Lao-tse
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
The man who does things makes many mistakes, but he never makes the biggest mistake of all - doing nothing. -Benjamin Franklin
My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Choose always the way that seems the best, however rough it may be. Custom will soon render it easy and agreeable. -Pythagoras
You'll find as you grow older that you weren't born such a great while ago after all. The time shortens up. -William Dean Howells
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy can live. -Bertrand Russell
Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. -C C Colton
A team with a star player is a good team, but a team without one is a great team. -Author unknown
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. -Jon Kabat-zinn
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
To change your life: start immediately; do it flamboyantly; no exceptions. -William James
We must indeed all hang together, or most assuredly we shall all hang separately. -Benjamin Franklin
Dream no smalldreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Chance never helps those who do not help themselves. -Sophocles
Leadership is the wise use of power. Power is the capacity to translate intention into reality and sustain it. -Warren Bennis
There is enough in the world for everyone to have plenty, to live happily, and to be at peace with his neighbors. -Harry Truman
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future. -Charles F. Kettering
At the center of our agency is our freedom to form a healthy attitude toward whatever circumstances we are placed in! -Neal A. Maxwell
Character is like a tree and a reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. -Harry Golden
We won't even attempt to achieve what we do not believe at a deep level we can have or deserve. -Ruth Ross
It is hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head. -Sally Kempton
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Plant a seed of friendship; reap a bouquet of happiness. -Lois L. Kaufman
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
The manager asks how and when; the leader asks what and why. -Warren Bennis
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made. Destiny is made known silently. -Agnes De Mille
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
Image creates desire. You will want what you imagine. -J. G. Gallimore
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. -Alvin Toffler
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. -Jon Holt
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
Kindness in words creates confidence Kindness in thinking creates profoundness Kindness in giving creates love. -Lao-Tzu
Humble yourself and you shall be honored. Honor yourself and you shall be humbled. -Unknown Author
Keep cool; anger is not an argument. -Daniel Webster
We increase whatever we praise. The whole creation responds to praise, and is glad. -Charles Fillmore
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. -Pat Riley
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life. -Mark Twain
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job. -Unknown Author
The past is a guidepost, not a hitching post. -Thomas Holcroft
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent. -Epictetus
A good friend remembers what we were and sees what we can be. -Unknown author
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. -Denis Waitley
When there is a start to be made, don't step over! Start where you are. -Edgar Cayce
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family. -Barbara Bush
Men of genius are admired, men of wealth are envied, men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted. -Alfred Adler
By gnawing through a dyke, even a rat may drown a nation. -Edmund Burke
If I chance to talk a little wild, forgive me. -William Shakespeare
In the path of our happiness shall we find the learning for which we have chosen this lifetime. -Richard Bach
We can often do more for other men by trying to correct our own faults than by trying to correct theirs. -Francois Fenelon
When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do. -Zig Ziglar
I would rather attempt something great and fail than attempt to do nothing and succeed. -Robert Schuller
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. -Abraham Lincoln
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path. -Buddhist saying
I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience. -Buckminster Fuller
Morale is when your hands and feet keep on working when your head says it can't be done. -Benjamin Morrell
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. -Alan Kay
To see what is right and not do it, is want of courage. -Confucius
Don't start living tomorrow, tomorrow never arrives. Start working on your dreams and ambitions today. -Unknown Author
He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year. -Leonardo Da Vinci
If you're not going to play to win, you might as well hold the Olympics in someone's back yard. -Jessie Owens
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. -Fredrich Nietzsche
I know a fellow who's as broke as the Ten Commandments. -John Marquand
There is nothing permanent except change. -Heraclitus
Only that day dawns, to which we are awake. -Henry David Thoreau
Character is destiny. -Heraclitus
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve. -Napoleon Hill
Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present. -Robert Conklin
Be your character what it will, it will be known; and nobody will take it upon your word. -Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Chesterfield
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory. -Ingrid Bergman
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. -Jim Rohn
Calamity is the test of integrity. -Samuel Richardson
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change -Confucius
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for. -Earl Warren
The hand is the cutting edge of the mind. -Jacob Bronowski
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
A friendship is one soul living in two bodies. -Unknown Author
This became a credo of mine... attempt the impossible in order to improve your work. -Bette Davis
I have always admired the ability to bite off more than one can chew and then chew it. -William DeMille
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe. -Robert W. Service
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart. -Henry Ward Beecher
It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning. -Graeme Edwards
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. -Jules Renard
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
Every job is a self portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. -Unknown Author
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. -Napoleon Hill
Desire! That's the one secret of every man's career. Not education. Not being born with hidden talents. Desire. -Bobby Unser
There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. -Wayne Dyer
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tzu
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving. -Henry Ford
Your aspirations are your possibilities. -Samuel Johnson
Your bottom line starts with your front line. -John Villere
To fill the hour - that is happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
When fantasy turns you on, you're obligated to God and nature to start doing it right away. -Stewart Brand
A friend in need is a friend to be avoided. -Lord Samuel
There is possibility in impossibility. -Author unknown
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. -Elmer Letterman
If you cannot win, make the one ahead of you break the record. -Jan Mckeithen
Success requires no explanations, failure permits no alibis. -Napoleon Hill
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. -William Penn
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom. -Anatole France
Success does not come to those who wait... and it does not wait for anyone to come to it. -Unknown Author
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. -Og Mandino
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest. -Ashleigh Brilliant
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself. -Henry Ward Beecher
No matter how far you walk, how hard you work, or how bad it hurts, you'll always get to where you need to be. -Unknown Author
One player practicing sportsmanship is far better than 50 preaching it. -Knute Rockne
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. -Lena Horne
God put me on earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind I will never die! -Anonymous
Show me someone content with mediocrity and I'll show you someone destined for failure. -Johnetta Cole
Strangers are just friends waiting to happen. To become a good man, one must have faithful friends, or outright enemies. -Napoleon
Maps encourage boldness. They're like cryptic love letters. They make anything seem possible. -Mark Jenkins
You are indebted to your imagination for three-fourths of your importance. -David Garrick
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Sir Winston Churchill
It's never crowded along the extra mile. -Dr. Wayne Dyer
God loves to help him who strives to help himself. -Aeschylus
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great. -Ray Charles
Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it. -Robert Heinlein
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or out. There's no such thing as a life in-between. -Pat Riley
A soul without a high aim is like a ship without a rudder. -Eileen Caddy
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprung up. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The inspiration of the almighty gives man understanding. -Bible
You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance. -David Garrick
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, while he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere. -Ali bin Abi Talib
No success in public life can compensate for failure in the home. -Benjamin Disraeli
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. -Alexander Graham Bell
The first rule of focus is this: Wherever you are, be there. -Unknown Author
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother. -Voltaire
One man all by himself is nothing. Two people who belong together make a world. -Hans Margolius
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself. -Marcus T. Cicero
Work and acquire, and thou hast chained the wheel of chance. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid. -Franklin P Jones
I don't agree with a word you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. -Voltaire
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities. -Sue Atchley Ebaugh
Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
Change is a part of every life. Resisting is often as futile as it is frustrating. -Unknown Author
Enjoy the journey, enjoy ever moment, and quit worrying about winning and losing. -Matt Biondi
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie
Do everything with so much love in your heart that you would never want to do it any other way. -Yogi Desai
It is the nature of thought to find its way into action. -Christian Nevell Bovee
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. -Henry Ford
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions. -Harold S. Geneen
Man becomes a slave to his constantly repeated acts. What he at first chooses, at last compels. -Orison Swett Marden
While there's life, there's hope. -Roman saying
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -Herbert Hoover
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. -Abraham Lincoln
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -James Barrie
The cure for anger is delay. -Seneca
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be. -Kahlil Gibran
Will you look back on life and say, I wish I had, or I'm glad I did? -Zig Ziglar
To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted. -George Kneller
Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you. -Oscar Wilde
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
Doubts are the ants in the pants of faith. They keep it awake and moving. -Frederick Buechner
Relationships based on obligation lack dignity. -Wayne Dyer
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple, learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. -John Steinbeck
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. -Seneca
No man is a failure who is enjoying life. -William Feather
Keep your goals away from the trolls. -Peter Mcwilliams
When you're out of quality, you're out of business. -Unknown Author
Hey you, don't tell me there's no hope at all Together we stand, divided we fall. -Pink Floyd
It is always your next move. -Napoleon Hill
An aspiration is a joy forever, a possession as solid as a landed estate. -Robert Louis
Do not say a little in many words but a great deal in a few. -Pythagoras
Sometimes the answer to prayer is not that it changes life, but that it changes you. -James Dillet Freeman
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath. -Solon
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes another's. -Jean Paul Richter
Women punish themselves for the failure to conform. -Sandra Bartky
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much. -Blaise Pascal
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives. -Alexandre Dumas
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world. -Emmett Fox
If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint. -Edward Hopper
Self-will so ardent and active that it will break a world to pieces to make a stool to sit on. -Richard Cecil
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; This, too, shall pass. -Ann Landers
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
Fear is met and destroyed with courage. -James F. Bell
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Anything unattempted remains impossible. -Unknown Author
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last. -Hamilton Holt
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. -Franklin Roosevelt
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. -Helen Keller
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us. -John Dryden
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. -Julie Andrews
If you have nothing to say, say nothing. -Mark Twain
Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on. -Maxwell Maltz
Man was designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness. -Zig Ziglar
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it. -Anonymous
If you don't want to do something, one excuse is as good as another. -Yiddish Proverb
When it's all over, it's not who you were. It's whether you made a difference. -Bob Dole
If you want to be a writer-stop talking about it and sit down and write!. -Jackie Collins
All things come to him who waits - provided he knows what he is waiting for. -Woodrow T. Wilson
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet. -German proverb
Life itself can't give you joy, unless you really will it. Life just gives you time and space, it's upto you to fill it. -Anonymous
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters. -Henry David Thoreau
No nation ever taxed itself into prosperity. -Rush Limbaugh
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Unknown
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. -Henry Ford
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best morale exists when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear it it's usually lousy. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success. -William J. H. Boetcker
A human being is a deciding being. -Victor Frankl
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -Laurence J. Peter
Nothing would be done at all if a man waited until he could do it so well that no one could find fault with it. -Cardinal Newman
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself. -Norman Vincent Peale
To whom much is given, much is required. -John F Kennedy
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. -Aristotle
When you have seven percent unemployed, you have ninety-three percent working. -John F. Kennedy
Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much. -Erich Fromm
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. -Chinese proverb
To speak and to speak well, are two things. A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks. -Ben Jonson
Assumptions are the termites of relationships. -Henry Winkler
God helps those who persevere. -Koran
We are all manufacturers. Making good, making trouble, or making excuses. -H. V. Adolt
Equal opportunity means everyone will have a fair chance at being incompetent. -Laurence J. Peter
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. -William Congreve
Over-preparation is the foe of inspiration. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force. -Paul Vernon Buser
Impossible situations can become possible miracles. -Robert H. Schuller
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional. -Roger Crawford
Pretty much all the honest truth telling there is in the world is done by children. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The best thing you can do is get good at being you. -Dennis T. Menace
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -Jimmy Dean
There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. -Orison Swett Marden
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more. -Edward Harriman
Good enough never is. -Debbi Field
One thought driven home is better than three left on base. -James Liter
My success has allowed me to strike out with a higher class of women. -Woody Allen
The impossible is often untried. -Unknown Author
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but as a group decide nothing can be done. -Fred Allen
Coward: One who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs. -Ambrose Bierce
There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living. The other should teach us how to live. -James Truslow Adams
Catch a man a fish, and you can sell it to him. Teach a man to fish, and you ruin a wonderful business opportunity. -Karl Marx
There's no substitute for guts. -Paul Bear Bryant
Use your weaknesses; aspire to the strength. -Sir Lawrence Olivier
Time is the wisest counsellor. -Pericles
The man who trims himself to suit everybody will soon whittle himself away. -Charles Schwab
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. -Ambrose Redmoon
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. -Malcolm S. Forbes
Back of ninety-nine out of one-hundred assertions that a thing cannot be done is nothing, but the unwillingness to do it. -William Feather
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. -Norman Vincent Peale
If I had some idea of a finish line, don't you think I would have crossed it years ago? -Richard M. Devos
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she would come in and sink my boats. -Woody Allen
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. -Cicero
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Some people grow under responsibility, others merely swell. -Hubbell
Order marches with weighty and measured strides. Disorder is always in a hurry. -Napoleon Bonaparte
People are very open-minded about new things - as long as they're exactly like the old ones. -Charles Kettering
Concentration is the secret of strength. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become. -James Allen
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost. -Arthur Schopenhauerv
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is how to live with purpose. -Michel Eyquem
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interest. -John Stewart Mill
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. -Herm Albright
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style. -Quentin Crisp
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. -William James
From error to error, one discovers the entire truth. -Freud
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill
Sincerity and truth are the basis of every virtue. -Confucius
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age. -Gloria Pitzer
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. -Abraham Lincoln
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. -Victor E. Frankl
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. -Denis Waitley
I am his mistress. His work is his wife. -Marion Javits
Loser's visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success. -Rob Gilbert
In some attempts, it is glorious even to fail. -Longinus
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you. -Zig Ziglar
Hard writing makes easy reading. Easy writing makes hard reading. -William Zinsser
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
One must learn by doing the thing. For though you think you know it, you have no certainly until you try. -Sophocles
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat. -Malcolm Forbes
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. -Amy Tan
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen. -Greg Hickman
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function. -Garrison Keillor
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand. -Charles F. Kettering
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure. -Abraham Lincoln
Stop the habit of wishful thinking and start the habit of thoughtful wishes. -Mary Martin
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something. -Frank Capra
What comes out of your mouth is determined by what goes into your mind. -Zig Ziglar
The sign on the door of opportunity reads PUSH. -Unknown Author
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite. -G.k Chesterton
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. -Christian N. Bovee
You're writing the story of your life one moment at a time. -Doc Childre and Howard Martin
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch. -John F. Kennedy
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance. -Japanese proverb
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave. -Wayne Dyer
Give the world the best that you have, and the best will come back to you. -Madeline Bridges
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet. -William F. Halsey
If boyhood and youth are but vanity, must it not be our ambition to become men? -Vincent Van Gogh
Profit is a by-product of work; happiness is its chief product. -Henry Ford
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. -Roger Staubach
In my beginning is my end. -T. S. Eliot
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds. -Aesop
The only thing that we know is that we know nothing and that is the highest flight of human wisdom. -Leo Tolstoy
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. -Naguib Mahfouz
Act as if it were impossible to fail. -Dorothy Broude
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to error that counts. -Nikki Giovanni
Regardless of how much patience we have, we would prefer never to use any of it. -James T. O'Brien
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas Edison
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time. -Marcel Proust
Mind is all that counts. You can be whatever you make up your mind to be. -Robert Collier
He who has a strong enough why can bear almost any how. -Fredrich Nietzsche
Whatever kind of word thou speakest, the like shalt thou bear. -Greek Proverb
There are no great things, only small things with great love. Happy are those. -Mother Theresa
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine Saint-Exupéry
I concede! -Richard Milhous Nixon
When in charge ponder. When in trouble delegate. When in doubt mumble. -Unknown Author
When you get right down to the root of the meaning of the word succeed, you find that it simply means to follow through. -F. W. Nichol
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit. -Vincent Lombardi
To respond is positive, to react is negative. -Zig Ziglar
As you make your way through life, let this ever be your goal, keep your eye upon the doughnut and not upon the hole. -Unknown Author
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want. -Tao Saying
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water; but to walk on the earth. -Chinese Proverb
Seeing within changes one's outer vision. -Joseph Chilton Pearce
There's no ceiling on effort! -Harvey C. Fruehauf
Life is a field of unlimited possibilities. -Deepak Chopra
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. -Elbert Green Hubbard
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. -Dale Carnegie
If you want your children to improve, let them overhear the nice things you say about them to others. -Haim Ginott
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. -Doug Ivester
In the consciousness of the end is the limitation of the moment. -Mcdermott
I'm working to improve my methods, and every hour I save is an hour added to my life. -Ayn Rand
Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. -Anthony Robbins
A "should" is a "have to" with no teeth; it is dead energy. -Ruth Ross
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united. -Humboldt
In adversity, remember to keep an even mind. -Horace
Telling someone the truth is a loving act. -Mal Pancoast
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living! -Amanda Bradley
The way to succeed is to double your failure rate. -Thomas Watson
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. -Benjamin Franklin
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down. -Dr. Robert Anthony
The last suit that you wear, you don't need any pockets. -Wayne Dyer
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon Byron
Seeing is believing, but the feeling is the truth. -Thomas Fuller
When you are arguing with a fool, make sure he isn't doing the same thing. -Unknown author
You are never given a dream without also being given the power to make it true. You may have to work for it, however. -Richard Bach
Greater is he who acts from love than he who acts from fear. -Simeon Ben Eleazar
Winning is everything. The only ones who remember you when you come second are your wife and your dog. -Damon Hill
You can't learn less. -Buckminster Fuller
The ultimate creative capacity of the brain may be, for all practical purposes, infinite. -George Leonard
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right! -Henry Ford
Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning, but give me a man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing. -George Eliot
Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent. -Euripides
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck. -Channing Pollock
Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners. -Laurence Sterne
All the sounds of the earth are like music. -Oscar Hammerstein
The real secret to success is enthusiasm. -Walter Chrysler
It is our special duty, that if anyone needs our help, we should give him such help to the utmost of our power. -Cicero
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. -David Grayson
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him. -Booker T. Washington, African American Educator
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
It's time to start living the life you've imagined. -Henry James
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought. -Pilgrims
People forget how fast you did a job, but they remember how well you did it. -Howard W. Newton
It is the character of a brave and resolute man not to be ruffled by adversity and not to desert his post. -Cicero
Truthfulness is the main element of character. -Brian Tracy
Failure is the tuition you pay for success. -Walter Brunell
Jesus might have said, "I became man for you. If you do not become God for me, you wrong me.". -Meister Eckhart
Leadership is a combination of strategy and character. If you must be without one, be without the strategy. -Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf
I've never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation. -Mike Todd
Turn your scars into stars. -Robert Schuller
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. -Napoleon Hill
My goal is simple. It is complete understanding of the universe, why it as it is and why it exists as all. -Stephen Hawking
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck. -Anthony Robbins
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. -Kahlil Gibran
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose. -William Cowper
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. -Anonymous
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. -William Feather
Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want. -Geoffrey F. Abert
There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment. -Norman Vincent Peale
Chance generally favors the prudent. -Joseph Joubert
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. -Warren Buffett
Change yourself and your work will seem different. -Norman Vincent Peale
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. -Zen Proverb
Live for something rather than die for nothing. -George Patton
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. -Napoleon Hill
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
If you put good people in bad systems you get bad results. You have to water the flowers you want to grow. -Stephen R. Covey
Only those who can see the invisible can accomplish the impossible! -Patrick Snow, author of Creating Your Own Destiny
And neither shall we learn to war with ourselves anymore. -Peter Mcwilliams
Aim not for what you are, but for what you could be. -Lucas Hellmer
It is hard for an empty bag to stand upright. -Benjamin Franklin
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man, and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Alva Edison
Good timber does not grow with ease. The stronger the wind the stronger the trees. -Williard Marriott
The ends must justify the means. -Matthew Prior
Some people would rather get even instead of get ahead. -Les Brown
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends. -Jacques Delille
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice. -Indian Proverb
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -Dale Carnegie
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it. -Mack R. Douglas
Funny is an attitude. -Flip Wilson
You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it. -Charles Bixton
We are where we are, as we are, because of what we are. -Earle J. Glade
The Los Angeles riots were not caused by the Rodney King verdict. The Los Angeles riots were caused by rioters. -Rush Limbaugh
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got. -Art Buchwald
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. -Kierkegaard
The soul never thinks without a mental picture. -Aristotle
Learn to think like a winner. Think positive and visualize your strengths. -Vic Braden
Rather fall with honor than succeed by fraud. -Sophocles
If you are truly flexible and go until... there is really very little you can't accomplish in your lifetime. -Anthony Robbins
Pity the man who inherits a million and isn't a millionaire. Here's what would be pitiful, if your income grew and you didn't. -Jim Rohn
An idea, to be suggestive, must come to the individual with the force of revelation. -William James
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he'll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
The more willing you are to surrender to the energy within you, the more power can flow through you. -Shakti Gawain
What counts in making a happy marriage is not so much how compatible you are, but how you deal with incompatibility. -Leo Tolstoy
The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender. -William Booth
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. -John D. Rockefeller
No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big. -Unknown Author
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong. -Charles Wadworth
Good, better, best; never let it rest till your good is better and your better is best. -Unknown Author
Love gives itself; it is not bought. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
You can observe a lot by watching. -Yogi Berra
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time. -Arnold Glascow
What you risk reveals what you value. -Jeanette Winterson
The true worth of a man is to be measured by the objects he pursues. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
You will find only what you bring in. -Yoda
Be near me when my light is low... And all the wheels of being slow. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential. -Pilgrims
The how thinker gets problems solved effectively because he wastes no time with futile ifs. -Norman Vincent Peale
If I keep a green bough in my heart, the singing bird will come. -Chinese Proverb
You either move toward something you love or away from something you fear. The first expands. The second constricts. -Tom Crum
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future. -Zig Ziglar
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. -Lao-Tzu
Genius is that energy which collects, combines, amplifies, and animates. -Samuel Johnson
The artist is nothing without gift, but gift is nothing without work. -Émile Zola
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it. -Jean-jacques Rousseau
God comes to the hungry in the form of food. -Mahatma Gandhi
You can change anything you want. You just can't change everything you want. -Peter Mcwilliams
When something important is going on, silence is a lie. -A.M. Rosenthal
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. -Norman Vincent Peale
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets. -Nido Qubein
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold Glasow
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Aristotle
Two friends, two bodies with one soul inspired. -Homer
If you stand straight, do not fear a crooked shadow. -Chinese Proverb
A man must drive his energy, not be driven by it. -William Frederick Book
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
The strongest principle of growth lies in human choice. -George Eliot
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. -William John Bennett
The impossible is often the untried. -Jim Goodwin
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. -Peter Ustinov
Only by acceptance of the past, can you alter it. -T S Eliot
Nobody can be successful if he doesn't love his work, love his job. -David Sarnoff
Habit is second nature, or rather, ten times nature. -William James
One fails forward toward success. -Charles Kettering
To finish first, you must first finish. -Rick Mears
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine. -Henry Ward Beecher
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. -Seneca
Right actions for the future are the best apologies for wrong ones in the past. -Tyron Edwards
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun? -Katherine Graham
The probability that we may fail in struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -Abraham Lincoln
For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these, It might have been. -John Greenleaf Whittier
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -T. S. Eliot
Don't make excuses, make good. -Unknown Author
The ability to speak eloquently is not to be confused with having something to say. -Michael P. Hart
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life. -Arthur Ashe, American Tennis Player, Activist
You have to sow before you can reap. You have to give before you can get. -Robert Collier
Do not wait for extraordinary situations to do good; try to use ordinary situations. -Jean Paul Richter
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy. -Brian Tracy
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner. -Les Brown
Every new adjustment is a crisis in self-esteem. -Eric Hoffer
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. -Og Mandino
You have the power to change. -Les Brown
The best things in life aren't things. -Art Buchwald
You cannot raise a man up by calling him down. -William Boetcker
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world -Unknown
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity. -Charles G. Dawes
I have been all things unholy; if God can work through me, He can work through anyone. -St Francis Assisi
The key to successful leadership is influence, not authority. -Kenneth Blanchard
Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that. -Robert C.Edwards
Time spent laughing is time spent with the gods. -Japanese proverb
The real character of a man is found out by his amusements. -Jean Iris Murdoch
The only people who never fail are those who never try. -Ilka Chase
To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it. -Mother Teresa
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. -Og Mandingo
Character is like a tree and reputation its shadow. The shadow is what we think it is; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. -Michael Althsuler
I am a part of all that I have seen. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. -George Bernard Shaw
Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius. -Isaac D'israeli
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. -Woody Allen
What I do best is share my enthusiasm. -Bill Gates
Love all, trust a few. Do wrong to none. -William Shakespeare
It is not something I must do but something I want to do…. -James Fixx
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte
All great achievements require time. -David J. Schwartz
Realize that there are not hopeless situations; there are only people who take hopeless attitudes. -Norman Vincent Peale
Fortune brings in some boats that are not steered. -William Shakespeare
The ear tests words as the tongue tastes food. -The Bible, Job 34:3 NIV
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Winners have simply formed the habit of doing things losers don't like to do. -Albert Gray
Art is the path of the creator to his work. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change. -Bertrand Russell
For what is faith unless it is to believe what you do not see? -Augustine
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own. -Benjamin Disraeli
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. -Epictetus
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man. -Euripides
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. -Sir Winston Churchill
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change. -Lord Tennyson
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. -Napoleon Hill
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom. -Angus Grossart
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. -Baltasar Gracian
We will often find compensation if we think more of what life has given us and less about what life has taken away. -William Barclay
Criticism is prejudice made plausible. -Vladimir Nabokov
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival. -Sir Winston Churchill
You cannot be really first-rate at your work if your work is all you are. -Anna Quindlen
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. -Bertrand Russell
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration. -James Allen
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life. -Abraham Maslow
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. -Anonymous
No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated and disciplined. -Unknown Author
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it. -Lisa Alther
I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees. -G.k Chesterton
Good writing is clear thinking made visible. -Bill Wheeler
Let me win, but if I cannot win, let me be brave in the attempt. -Special Olympics Motto
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others. -Gerald G Jampolsky
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose. -Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
Education is the ability to meet life's situations. -John Hibben
It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean. -Anthony Robbins
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. -Mother Teresa
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Stephen Leacock
The things taught in schools and colleges are not an education, but the means to an education. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change. -Pilgrims
It's good to shut up sometimes. -Marcel Marceau
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world. -Helen Keller
Do not always prove yourself to be the one in the right. The right will appear. You need only give it a chance. -C. H. Fowler
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year. -Franklin P. Adams
Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart. -Myla Kabat-Zinn
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides. -Margaret Thatcher
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. -Seneca
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. -Douglas MacArthur
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing! -Donald Gardner
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -Mcalexander
The dullard's envy of brilliant men is always assuaged by the suspicion that they will come to a bad end. -Sir Max Beerbohm
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything. -Eugčne Delacroix
We but half express ourselves, and are ashamed of that divine idea which each of us represents. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Adversity is the foundation of virtue. -Japanese proverb
Time and memory are true artists; they remold reality nearer to the heart's desire. -John Dewey
Love is an ideal thing, marriage is a real thing. A confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
A pint can't hold a quart - if it holds a pint it is doing all that can be expected of it. -Margaret Deland
The world is a looking glass. It gives back to every man a true reflection of his own thoughts. -Thackery
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. -Wayne Dyer
The men who succeed are the efficient few. They are the few who have the ambition and will power to develop themselves. -Herbert N. Casson
What I am trying to do is to unmuddle the metaphysical. -Wayne Dyer
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Finley Peter Dunne
Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. -Voltaire
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but cannot be taken away unless it is surrendered. -Michael J. Fox
Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought. -Henri Bergson
A goal is a dream with a deadline. -Napoleon Hill
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. -James Allen
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. -Bruce Lee
There is nothing that cannot be achieved by firm imagination. -Japanese proverb
Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven. -Rabindranath Tagore
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction. -Winston Churchill
In dreams begin responsibility. -William Butler Yeats
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Unknown Author
Wit is educated insolence. -Aristotle
Don't let the negativity given to you by the world disempower you. Instead give to yourself that which empowers you. -Les Brown
Love your enemies just in case your friends turn out to be a bunch of bastards. -R A Dickson
You've got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set, confidence is the difference. -Chris Evert
The past is like a river flowing out of sight; the future is an ocean filled with opportunity and delight. -Anna Hoxie
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow that talent to the dark place it leads. -Erica Jong
When you are kind to others, it not only changes you, it changes the world. -Harold Kushner
Hope is one of those things in life you cannot do without. -LeRoy Douglas
We must be the change we wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings. -Okakura Kakuzo
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny. -Kin Hubbard
CANI! - (pronounced kuhn-EYE) stands for Constant And Never-ending Improvement. -Anthony Robbins
To teach is to create a space in which obedience to truth is practiced. -Abba Felix
When you're riding, only the race in which you're riding is important. -Bill Shoemaker
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are. -E E Cummings
Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. -Les Brown
If the human race wants to go to hell in a basket, technology can help it get there by jet. -Charles M. Allen
Happiness is a journey...not a destination. -Ben Sweetland
Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead. -Les Brown
He who has learned to disagree without being disagreeable has discovered the most valuable secret of a diplomat. -Robert Estabrook
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. -Samuel Beckett
In music the passions enjoy themselves -Friedrich Nietzsche
Never fear shadows. They simply mean there's a light shining somewhere nearby. -Ruth E Renkel
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. -Hans Selye
Most people stand on the dock of life waiting for their ship to come in when deep down inside they know it has never left port. -Zig Ziglar
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle. -Plato
Have no friends not equal to yourself. -Confucius
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. -Pablo Picasso
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Act the part and you will become the part. -William James
The only reward of virtue is virtue. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared. -Eddie Rickenbacker
It takes seventy-two muscles to frown, but only thirteen to smile. -Unknown Author
Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends. -Czech proverb
Some people are molded by their admirations, others by their hostilities. -Elizabeth Bowen
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. -Lao-tse
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. -Charles Caleb Colton
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway. -Mary C. Crowley
A man of courage flees forward in the midst of new things. -Jacques Maritain
He who labors diligently need never despair; for all things are accomplished by diligence and labor. -Menander
Pessimism never won any battle. -Dwight D Eisenhower
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. -Cicero
Insults should be written in the sand, and praises carved in stone. -Arab proverb
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. -Plutarch
No one can arrive from being talented alone. God gives talent; work transforms talent into genius. -Anna Pavlova
Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand. -Euripides
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. -Robert Collier
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind; and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind. -William Shakespeare
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity. -Og Mandino
A good name is seldom regained. When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever. -J. Hawes
Kindness is gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. -Henri-Frederic Amiel
Ninety percent of all politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation. -Henry Kissinger
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt. -William Shakespeare
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment. -E James Rohn
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship. -Louisa May Alcott
The highest virtue found in the tropics is chastity, and in the colder regions, temperance. -Christian Nevell Bovee
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. -Rob Gilbert
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan. -John F. Kennedy
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. -Les Brown
I regret that I have but one life to give for my country. -Nathan Hale
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work. -Vincent Lombardi
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job. -Roseanne Barr
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. -Andrew Carnegie
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. -Donald Trump
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do. -James Allen
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was. -Richard L. Evans
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. -John Steinbeck
People who want to appear clever rely on memory. People who want to get things done make lists. -Peter Mcwilliams
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. -Napoleon Bonaparte
He who dares... Wins! -British SAS motto
Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike. -Theodore Roosevelt
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. -Brian Tracy
Big results require big ambitions. -James Champy
You have to see the pattern, understand the order and experience the vision. -Michael E. Gerber
It's not so much how busy you are, but why you are busy. The bee is praised. The mosquito is swatted. -Mary O'Connor
It is a fine thing to have ability, but the ability to discover ability in others is the true test. -Elbert Hubbard
Success demands singleness of purpose. -Vincent Lombardi
All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. -Aristotle
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
Write only if you cannot live without writing. Write only what you alone can write. -Elie Wiesel
With the possible exception of the equator, everything begins somewhere. -Peter Robert Fleming
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body. -Joseph Addison
To be born free is an accident; To live free a responsibility; To die free is an obligation. -Hubbard Davis
We tend to live up to our expectations. -Earl Nightingale
I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want. -Phil Lout
When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether. -Marian Anderson
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration. -Marcus Tullius Cicero
If I had more time I would write a shorter letter. -Blaise Pascal
If it's worth doing, it's worth doing badly. (on not perfectionism to put things off) . -G.k Chesterton
Inside yourself or outside, you never have to change what you see, only the way you see it. -Thaddeus Golas
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -Anonymous
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -William Somerset Maugham
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. -Louis L'Amour
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace. -Amelia Earhart
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. -Chinese proverb
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
For purposes of action nothing is more useful than narrowness of thought combined with energy of will. -Henri Frederic Amiel
I just wake up and say, "You're a bum, go do something worthwhile today.". -Garth Brooks
The only way to have a friend is to be one. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Value is what people are willing to pay for it. -John Nasibitt
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. -Henry Kaiser
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -Marcus Aurelius
Given a big enough why people can bear almost any how. -Friedrich Neitzche
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
Our nettlesome task is to discover how to organize our strength into compelling power. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things. -Edward F. Halifax
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -Mary Kay Ash
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I... I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. -Robert Frost
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can. -Willis Whitney
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised. -George Will
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. -Norman Schwarzkopf
I had to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time. -Sam Walton
Flowers grow out of darker moments. -Corita Kent
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. -Napoleon Hill
Build a dream and the dream will build you. -Robert H. Schuller
The bitterness of poor quality remains long after low pricing is forgotten! -Leon M. Cautillo
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, I believe. -Norman Vincent Peale
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline: the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself. -Abraham Heschel
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
You can't measure the heart of a champion. -Anonymous
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon, Lord Byron
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same. -Henri B. Stendhal
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. Encouragement after censure is as the sun after a shower. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up's. -Peter Davies
Love what you do. Do what you love. -Wayne Dyer
If we do not find anything very pleasant, at least we shall find something new. -Voltaire
Success is not measured by what one brings, but rather by what one leaves. -Unknown
I will not surrender responsibility for my life and my actions. -John Enoch Powell
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. -Anthony D'Angelo
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. -John Lubbock
An idea is salvation by imagination. -Frank Lloyd Wright
Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due. -Eldridge Cleaver
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it. -Malcolm X
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success. -Irving Berlin
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
No rules for success will work if you don't. -Unknown Author
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you. -Wayne Dyer
The depth of darkness to which you can descend and still live is an exact measure of the height to which you can aspire to reach. -Laurens
It is a painful thing to look at your own trouble and know that you yourself and no one else has made it. -Sophocles
When you have to make a choice and you don't make it, that itself is a choice. -William James
Some of the worlds greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. -Unknown Author
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Phillips Brooks
I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech. -H. Jackson Browne
You can't lead anyone else further than you have gone yourself. -Gene Mauch
To withdraw myself from myself has ever been my sole, my entire, my sincere motive in scribbling at all. -Lord Byron
Failing to plan is planning to fail. -Allen Lakein
Focus on remedies, not faults. -Jack Nicklaus
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. -Benjamin Franklin
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others. -John F. Kennedy
Good, better, best; never let it rest till your good is better and your better is best. -Anonymous
Reputation is the shell a man discards when he leaves life for immortality. His character he takes with him. -Anonymous
Were it not for hope the heart would break. -Scottish Proverb
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly. -Lauren Bacall
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept. -Samuel Butler
Charity sees the need, not the cause. -German Proverb
Don't get discouraged; it's usually the last key in the bunch that opens the lock. -Unknown Author
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. -David Feherty
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength. -Ralph Sockman
I know what I can know, and am not troubled about what I cannot know. -Johann Fichte
Love in its essence is spiritual fire. -Emanuel Swedenborg
If you don't make things happen, things will happen to you. -Lanes Company
Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
Education, n. One of the few things a fellow is willing to pay for and not get. -Leonard L. Levinson
I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist. -Max Lerner
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
When you are in any contest you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lost it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
Make your life a mission-not an intermission. -Arnold H. Glasgow
Where there is no vision, there is no hope. -George Washington Carver
The greatest enemy of best is good. If you're willing to accept good you'll never be the best. -Charles Kaiser, Jr.
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. -Walt Disney
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Each of my days are miracles. I won't waste my day; I won't throw away miracle. -Kelley Vicstrom
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people. -Oriental Proverb
Morale is faith in the man at the top. -Albert S. Johnstone
Waste no tears over the griefs of yesterday. -Euripides
Be bold-and mighty forces will come to your aid. -Basil King
You have to expect things of yourselves before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Most people, once they graduate from the School of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll in the University of Adversity. -Peter Mcwilliams
If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet. -Annot. L. Sheppard in Women's World
Let's not be narrow, nasty, and negative. -Vernon Grounds
Success is not access to excess. -Unknown Author
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back. -Wayne Dyer
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. -Vincent Lombardi
Welcome the task that makes you go beyond yourself. -Frank Mcgee
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will. -Anthony Robbins
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Coolness and absence of heat and haste indicate fine qualities. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's a lot better to hope than not to. -Benjamin J. Stein in The American Spectator
Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life. -Pablo Picasso
Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them. -Aristotle
Keep quiet. Do your work in the world, but inwardly keep quiet. Then all will come to you. -Nisaragada Ha Maharaj
Life is full of obstacle illusions. -Grant Frazier
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't. -Blaise Pascal
It is impossible to win the race unless you venture to run, impossible to win the victory unless you dare to battle. -Richard DeVos
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. -Goethe
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -Somerset Maugham
The right man is the one who seizes the moment. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Discovery is the ability to be puzzled by simple things. -Noam Chomsky
Without knowing the force of words, it is impossible to know men. -Confucius
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us. -Parks Cousins
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities. -Stephen Covey
In business, you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate. -Chester L. Karrass
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things. -Frank A. Clark
Friends have all things in common. -Plato
Honesty is as much saying everything as it is saying what is true. -Richard Snelling
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. -John D. Rockefeller
It takes less time to do things right than to explain why you did it wrong. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win. -Shelley Long
A plan is a list of actions arranged in whatever sequence is thought likely to achieve an objective. -John Argenti
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness? -Jean Jacques Rousseau
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think. -Benjamin Disraeli
If one has not given everything, one has given nothing. -Georges Guynemer
You are forgiven for your happiness and your successes only if you generously consent to share them. -Albert Camus
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -William James
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. -James Bryant Conant
Every worthwhile accomplishment, big or little, has its stages of drudgery and triumph; a beginning, a struggle and a victory. -Gandhi
I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations. -John McEnroe
The best vision is insight. -Malcolm Forbes
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. -Muhammed Ali
The obscure we see eventually. The completely obvious, it seems, takes longer. -Edward R. Murrow
A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself. -Henry Winkler
The only way to know how customers see your business is to look at it through their eyes. -Daniel R. Scroggin
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman
A deadline is negative inspiration. Still, it's better than no inspiration at all. -Rita Mae Brown
A weakened sense of responsibility does not weaken the fact of responsibility. -William J. Bennett
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it. -Peter F. Drucker
Every time I try to define a perfectly stable person, I am appalled by the dullness of that person. -J. D. Griffin
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance-it is the illusion of knowledge. -Daniel J Boorstin
Imagination is not a talent of some men, but is the health of every man. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
A pint of sweat will save a gallon of blood. -General George Patton
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
Change your thoughts and you change your world. -Norman Vincent Peale
Our job is not to set things right but to see them right. -Eric Butterworth
When I thought I couldn't go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck. -Norman Lear
Some folk want their luck buttered. -Thomas Hardy
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips. -Oliver Goldsmith
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. -Winston Churchill
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you. -Jean De La Fontaine
EARN as much as you can. SAVE as much as you can. INVEST as much as you can. GIVE as much as you can. -Rev. John Wellesly
Lady Conductor She raised her baton.... and Beethoven answered John C Lehman Jr 1955 to 1989. -John C Lehman
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job. -Malcolm Forbes
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. -Confucius
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; don't walk behind me, I may not lead; walk beside me, and just be my friend. -Albert Camus
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. -Fred Allen
The body is a community made up of its innumerable cells or inhabitants. -Thomas Alva Edison
By the accident of fortune a man may rule the world for a time, but by virtue of love and kindness he may rule the world forever. -Lao-Tze
Knowledge comes, but wisdom stays. -Alfred Lord Tennyson
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. -David Starr Jordan
Adventure: the pursuit of life. -Daniel Roy Wiarda
One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible. -Lance Armstrong
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -Shakespeare
The noblest search is the search for excellence. -Lyndon B. Johnson
Victory belongs to the most persevering. -Napoleon Bonaparte
The roots of true achievement lie in the will to become the best that you can become. -Harold Taylor
Sir, I say that justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Correct one fault at a time. Concentrate on the one fault you want to overcome. -Sam Snead
Love is not getting, but giving -Henry Van Dyke
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. -Albert Einstein
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. -Diane Sawyer
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
It's the little things that matter, that add up in the end, with the priceless thrilling magic found only in a friend. -Elizabeth Dunphy
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
When the time is right, you just got to do it. -Jack Simplot
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence. -Vincent Van Gogh
Ideas attract money, time, talents, skills, energy and other complementary ideas that will bring them into reality. -Mark Victor Hansen
To the degree we're not living our dreams; our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. -Peter McWilliams
Vision: The first step toward creating an improved future is developing the ability to envision it. -Unknown Author
Give yourself something to work toward - constantly. -Mary Kay Ash
Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression. -Dodie Smith
You become what you think about. -Earl Nightingale
Some people think they are concentrating when they're merely worrying. -Bobby Jones
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. -Henry Ford
Let your performance do the thinking. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
Good habits result from resisting temptation. -Ancient Proverb
The truly important things in life - love, beauty, and one's own uniqueness - are constantly being overlooked. -Pablo Casals
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
If you would not be known to do anything, never do it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Mario Andretti
I'll always be Number 1 to myself. -Moses Malone
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble. -Moliere
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Sir Winston Churchill
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away. -Thomas Fuller
Men, for the sake of getting a living forget to live. -Margaret Fuller
A good heart is better than all the heads in the world. -Edward Lytton
An individual who is active in higher learning soon becomes an individual active in higher earning. -Michael Gulliver
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. -Theodore Roosevelt
The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better. -John Dewey
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. -Leo Buscaglia
Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat. -Ann Landers
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week. -Spanish Proverb
People only see what they're prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mistakes show us what we need to learn. -Peter Mcwilliams
Upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all. -Alexander the Great
A thick skin is a gift from God. -Konrad Adenauer
Being a newspaper columnist is like being married to a nymphomaniac. It's great for the first two weeks. -Lewis Grizzard
The successful men of today are men of one overmastering idea, one unwavering aim, men of single and intense purpose. -Orison Swett Marden
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. -Abraham Lincoln
What happens to a man is less significant than what happens within him. -Louis L. Mann
Perfection is attained by slow degrees; it requires the hand of time. -François Voltaire
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time. -Sir Winston Churchill
It is unfulfilled dreams that keep you alive. -Robert Schuller
You don't have to fear defeat if you believe it may reveal powers that you didn't know you possessed. -Napoleon Hill
The irony is that the person not taking risks feels the same amount of fear as the person who regularly takes risks. -Peter Mcwilliams
If someone says can't, that shows you what to do. -John Cage
Let your hook always be cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be a fish. -Ovid
It is by what we ourselves have done, and not by what others have done for us, that we shall be remembered in after ages. -Francis Wayland
We are all failures - at least, all the best of us are. -J. M. Barrie
Could we but rightly comprehend the mind of man, nothing would be impossible to us upon the earth. -Parcelsus
The time is always right to do what is right. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Arnold H. Glasgow
All you have to do is know where you're going. The answers will come to you of their own accord. -Earl Nightingale
Great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together -Vincent Van Gogh
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. -George Moore
The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything. -Theodore Roosevelt
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. -Abraham Lincoln
The hours that make us happy make us wise. -John Mansfield
There is in true beauty, as in courage, somewhat which narrow souls cannot dare to admire. -William Congreve
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never. -Bela Karolyi
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. -Henry Ford
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. -Sydney J Harris
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration. -Robert Bresson
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat. -Woodrow T. Wilson
People that are orthodox when they are young are in danger of being middle-aged all their lives. -Walter Lippmann
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure. -Lord Alfred Tennyson
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Alva Edison
The stronger the wind the stronger the trees. -Willard Marriott
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs. -H L Mencken
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it. -Tallulah Bankhead
A successful team is a group of many hands but of one mind. -Bill Bethel
What's meant to be will find a way. -Unknown Author
Kindness and honesty can only be expected from the strong. -Unknown
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough. -Earl Wilson
He that would have the fruit must climb the tree. -Gandhi
Your imagination, my dear fellow, is worth more than you imagine. -Louis Aragon
Conscience is a man's compass. -Vincent Van Gogh
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. -Peter Drucker
It was high counsel that I once heard given to a young person: Always do what you are afraid to do. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. -Epictetus
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. -Thomas Alva Edison
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes. -Kenneth Hildebrand
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try. -Mary Kay Ash
Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. -Earl Nightingale
Once you label me you negate me. -Kierkegaard
Hope is itself a species of happiness and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords. -Samuel Johnson
Creative minds have always been known to survive any kind of bad training. -Anna Freud
I had ambition not only to go farther than any man had ever been before, but as far as it was possible for a man to go. -James R. Cook
If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space. -Anonymous
No wind favors him who has no destined port. -Michel Eyquem
It's not my job to motivate players. They bring extraordinary motivation to our program. It's my job not to de-motivate them. -Lou Holtz
I don't have anything against work. I just figure, why deprive somebody who really loves it. -Dobie Gillis
Come to the edge/ No, we will fall/ Come to the edge/ No, we will fall/ They came./ He pushed them. And they flew. -Guillaume Apollinaire
Hard work has made it easy. That is my secret. That is why I win. -Nadia Comaneci
The drops of rain make a hole in the stone, not by violence, but by oft falling. -Lucretius
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed. -Coretta Scott King
We are hoarding potentials so great that they are just about unimaginable. -Jack Schwartz
Repetition is the mother of skill. (might be someone else who wrote it). -Anthony Robbins
Others can stop you temporarily - you are the only one who can do it permanently. -Zig Ziglar
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not? -Stanislaw J. Lec
Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier. -Charles F. Kettering
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure. -John D Rockefeller
It is better to err on the side of daring than the side of caution. -Alvin Toffler
No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important. -Mary Kay Ash
Science has promised us truth. It has never promised us either peace or happiness. -Gustave Le Bon
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal. -Albert Pine
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is. -Henri Frederic Amiel
I feel that the greatest reward for going is the opportunity to do more. -Dr. Jonas Salk
The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people. -Woodrow Wilson
It is better to be patient, than it is to become one. -Author unknown
What the caterpillar calls the end, the rest of the world calls a butterfly. -Lao Tzu
The trouble with the rat race is that even when you win, you're still a rat. -Jane Wagner
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. -Lao Tzu
It may be those who do most, dream most. -Stephen B. Leacock
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done. -David Lloyd George
You can never get enough of what you don't want. -Wayne Dyer
Look up and not down. Look forward and not back. Look out and not in, and lend a hand. -Edward Everett Hale
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. -Dale Carnegie
Every dog has his day, unless he loses his tail... then he has a weakend. -June Carter Cash
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give. -Kahlil Gibran
To change and to change for the better are two different things. -German proverb
The best way out of emotional pain is through it. -Unknown Author
If you add a little to a little, and then do it again, soon that little shall be much. -Hesiod
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair. -George S. Patton
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior. -Henry C Link
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Life's problems wouldn't be called hurdles if there wasn't a way to get over them. -Unknown Author
Friendship is Love without his wings! -Byron
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible. -Unknown Author
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, I believe, three times. -Norman Vincent Peale
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
The believer is happy; the doubter is wise. -Hungarian Proverb
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. -Author unknown
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined. -Horace Mann
People of genius whenever they are faced with misfortune find resources within themselves. -Brouhours
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. -Helen Keller
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost. -Charles Caleb Colton
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
If you should put even a little on a little and should do this often, soon this would become big. -Hesiod
Every great achievement is the victory of a flaming heart. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Fair and softly goes far. -Miguel De Cervantes
Nothing adventured, nothing attained. -Peter Mcwilliams
Work your way up or rust your way out. -Holton
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others throw at him. -David Brinkley
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be and you help them to become what they are capable of being. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you create a character, you create a destiny. -André Maurois
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Step by step the ladder is ascended. -George Herbert
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools. -Spanish Proverb
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator. -Robert Orben
The best leaders of all, the people know not they exist. They turn to each other and say, we did it ourselves. -Zen Saying
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
You can have anything you want in life, you just can't have everything you want. -Peter Mcwilliams
Remember that great love and great achievements involve great risk. -Unknown Author
God has entrusted me with myself. -Epictetus
An anniversary says, Think of the dreams you have weathered together. They are intimate accomplishments. -Charles R. Swindoll
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential. -Liane Cardes
Friends are born, not made. -Henry Adams
Genius is entitled to respect only when it promotes the peace and improves the happiness of mankind. -Lord Essex
Chance is a word void of sense; nothing can exist without a cause. -Voltaire
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind. -Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
When speculation has done its worse, two and two still make four. -Samuel Johnson
No man can climb out beyond the limitations of his own character. -John Lord Morley
Nobody owes anybody a living, but everybody is entitled to a chance. -Jack Dempsey
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity into smiles. -Washington Irving
He who wishes to secure the good of others has already secured his own. -Confucius
He is the richest who is content with the least. -Socrates
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. -Albert Schweitzer
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. -Nido Qubein
People only see what they are prepared to see. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older. -Abraham Sutzkever
It is wise to keep in mind that no success or failure is necessarily final. -Anonymous
Everyone knows what a hypocrite is... That's the guy who gripes about the sex, violence and nudity on his VCR. -Zig Ziglar
We grow because we struggle, we learn and overcome. -R. C. Allen
The Three great mysteries: air to a bird, water to a fish, mankind to himself. -Hindu Proverb
A single conversation with a wise man is worth a month's study of books. -Chinese Proverb
Responsibility is the price of freedom. -Elbert Hubbard
Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young. -A. W. Pinero
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?. -Frank Scully
Ideas are funny little things. They don't work unless you do. -Anonymous
It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes. -Thomas Aquinas
Experts often possess more data than judgment. -Colin Powell
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. -John Watson
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitable bring about right results. -James Allen
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great. -Fernando Flores
Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down with incredible swiftness. -Faith Baldwin
When we have begun to take charge of our lives, to own ourselves, there is no longer any need to ask permission of someone. -George O'Neil
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him. -German Proverb
The difference between a mountain and a molehill is your perspective. -Al Neuharth
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated. -Lou Holtz
Absence of occupation is not rest; a mind quite vacant is a mind distressed. -William Cowper
A transcendent being can be any miracle. -Wayne Dyer
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it. -Tomorrow
Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten. -B. F. Skinner
That is why you fail. (in response to Luke saying, "I don't believe it."). -Yoda
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody is watching. -Mark Twain
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
If you can't be happy where you are, it's a cinch you can't be happy where you ain't. -Charlie Jones
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love and to work and to play and to look up at the stars. -Henry Van Dyke
Pessimist: One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both. -Oscar Wilde
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity. -Albert Einstein
What we need is to use what we have. -Basil S. Walsh
Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. -Francis Bacon
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. -St. Ambrose
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork. -Peter De Vries
Two great things you can give your children: one is roots, the other is wings. -Hodding Carter
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you: you must acquire it. -Sudie Back
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up s. -Peter Davies
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Character is what you are in the dark. -Dwight L. Moody
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. -Napoleon I
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionably. -Walt Disney
It's not what happens to you; it's what you do about it that makes the difference. -W. Mitchell
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get. -Robert Orben
Home run hitters strike out a lot. -Reggie Jackson
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. -Author unknown
Chance corrects us of many faults that reason would not know how to correct. -Francois De La Rochefoucauld
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators. -P. J. O'Rourke
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions. -J F Clarke
Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. -James Bryant Conant
My sun sets to rise again. -Robert Browning
Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them. -Dick Van Dyke
It is necessary to try to surpass one's self always; this occupation ought to last as long as life. -Queen Christina
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. -Martin Luther, German Theologian
You must work, we must all work, to make the world worthy of its children. -Pablo Casals, Spanish Cellist
Great Spirit, help me never to judge another until I have walked in his moccasins for two weeks. -Sioux Indian Prayer
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals. -Sir John Denham
A crisis is a close encounter of the third kind. -Guy Finley
The kingdom of Heaven is within you... Seek ye first the kingdom of Heaven and all things will be added unto you. -Jesus
He who asks questions cannot avoid the answers. -Cameroon Proverb
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. -John Ousterhout
Where there is no vision, people perish. -Proverbs
To get what you want; stop doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts. -Charles Robert Darwin
Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure. -George Sand
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another. -Thomas Jefferson
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned. -Buddha
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. -Anonymous
The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customer's place. -Orison Swett Marden
You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of a true professional. -Joe Paterno
What does not destroy me, makes me strong. [Or, What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.]. -Friedrich Neitzche
Contrary to the cliché, genuinely nice guys most often finish first or very near it. -Malcom S. Forbes
The only tyrant I will accept in this world is the "still small voice" within me. -Mahatma Gandhi
Luck favors the mind that is prepared. -Louis Pasteur
Whatever you do, don't do it halfway. -Bob Beamon
No one can defeat us unless we first defeat ourselves. -Dwight Eisenhower
Men stumble over pebbles, never over mountains. -Emilie Cady
Feel the fear and do it anyway. -Susan Jeffers
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got. -Walter Cronkite
My life has been filled with terrible misfortune; most of which never happened. -Montaigne
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. -Charles H. Perkhurst
It is good to dream, but it is better to dream and work. Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier. -Thomas Robert Gaines
The world leaders in innovation and creativity will also be world leaders in everything else. -Harold R. McAlindon
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. -Henry J. Kaiser
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. -Seneca
Always the more beautiful answer who asks the more beautiful question. -Ee Cummings
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. -Anthony Robbins
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. -Andy Warhol
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw
Life is a great surprise. I don't see why death should not be an even greater one. -Vladimir Nabokov
When a person applies enthusiasm to his job, the job will itself become alive with exciting new possibilities. -Norman Vincent Peale
We carry with us the wonders we seek without us. -Thomas Browne
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. -Sir John Herschel
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times. -Baltasar Gracian
Luck to me is something else. Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. -Lucille Ball
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. -Ovid
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages. -Edwin H. Stuart
There would be no great men if there were no little ones. -George Herbert
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -Dale Carnegie
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. -Theodore Roosevelt
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you. -Denis Waitley
When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky. -Dr. Armand Hammer
Private victories precede public victories. -Stephen Covey
A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue. -Ambrose Bierce
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. -Michelangelo
Often, the greatest challenge facing an organization is recognizing and acting on opportunity rather than solving a problem. -Peter Ginter
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible to others. -Jonathan Swift
Change is inevitable, except from vending machines. -Author unknown
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted. -Andrew Carnegie
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Unknown Author
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. It's what sunflowers do. -Helen Keller
The pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts: and the great art of life is to have as many of them as possible. -Montaigne
Say yes to your Universe. -Janet Zuckerman
A life of ease is a difficult pursuit. -William Cowper
In imagination, there's no limitation. -Mark Victor Hansen
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more. -Anthony Robbins
I want you to start a crusade in you life - to dare to be your best. -William Danforth
Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed. -Michael Pritchard
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. -Seneca
Ordinary riches can be stolen: real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you. -Oscar Wilde
Perfectionism is the enemy of creation, as extreme self-solitude is the enemy of well-being, -John Updike, Odd Jobs
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true self. -William James
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough. -John Christian Bovee
You can get anything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar
You'll see things "you never knew you never knew.". -Disney's Pochahantas
His Unique Selling Position was to make the world work for 100% of humanity. . -Buckminster Fuller
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is? -Frank Scully
Appreciative words are the most powerful force for good on earth! -George W. Crane
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Think lovingly, speak lovingly, act lovingly, and every need shall be supplied. -James Allen
Just Do It. -Nike
Any time you try to win everything, you must be willing to lose everything. -Larry Csonka
We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over. -Aneurin Bevan
He who has great power should use it lightly. -Seneca
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. -Michael Korda
Success doesn't happen. It is organized, preempted, captured, by consecrated common sense. -F. E. Willard
A ship ought not to be held by one anchor, nor life by a singe hope. -Epictetus
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Youth is a circumstance you can't do anything about. The trick is to grow up without getting old. -Frank Lloyd Wright
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Thomas Jefferson
And life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. -Grandma Moses
Individual glory is insignificant when compared to achieving victory as a team. -Dot Richardson
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them. -Stephen King
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created. -Albert Einstein
As I lived up to the highest light I had, higher and higher light came to me. -Pilgrims
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse. -Finagle
When you exercise your freedom to express yourself at the lowest level, you ultimately condemn yourself to live at that level. -Zig Ziglar
You get paid to impact the world, not be impacted by it. -Mal Pancoast
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. -Alexander Hamilton
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. -Swedish proverb
You always pass failure on the way to success. -Mickey Rooney
If you change the belief first, changing the action is easier. -Peter Mcwilliams
Whatever you do, do with all your might. -Marcus Tullius Cicero
Hearts will break - yet brokenly, live on. -Lord Byron
The best way out is always through. -Robert Frost
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
Kites rise highest against the wind-not with it. -Sir Winston Churchill
Success is in the details. -A P Erkkila
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow. -Doug Firebaugh
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. -Henry Ward Beecher
Virtue is the only true nobility. -Thomas Fuller
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today. -Les Brown
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy. -Robert A Heinlein
There is no expedient to which a man will go to avoid the real labor of thinking. -Thomas Alva Edison
One thing at a time, is my motto - and just play that thing for all it is worth, even if it's only two pair and a jack. -Mark Twain
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within. -Earl Nightingale
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated. -Leland Bartlett
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. -Henry Ford
Intuition is the source of scientific knowledge. -Aristotle
Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget about everything except what you're going to do now - and do it. -William Durant
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. -Dwight Eisenhower
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf. -Tagore
It's not good enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -Winston Churchill
Disability is a matter of perception. If you can do just one thing well, you're needed by someone. -Martina Navratilova
When you are in the valley, keep your goal firmly in view and you will get the renewed energy to continue the climb. -Denis Waitley
When I sit down at my writing desk, time seems to vanish. I think it's a wonderful way to spend one's life. -Erica Jong
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. -Elbert Hubbard
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict. -William Ellery Channing
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. -Mark Twain
We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves. -Brian Tracy
The goal of education is to replace an empty mind with an open mind. -Malcolm Forbes
Emotion is energy in motion. -Peter Mcwilliams
It's blood, sweat, sometimes tears. -Bob Hayes
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others. -Danny Thomas
Pretty much all the honest truthtelling there is in the world is done by children. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Thorough preparation makes its own luck. -Joe Poyer
If you are lonely when you are alone, you are in bad company. -Jean-paul Sartre
Give me where to stand, and I will move the earth. -Archimedes
When one is willing and eager, the Gods join in. -Aeschylus
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun. -Thomas Alva Edison
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. -Henry J. Kaiser
There is always hope when people are forced to listen to both sides. -John Stuart Mill
Out of difficulties grow miracles. -Jean De La Bruyere
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality. -Brian Tracy
The real test in golf and in life is not in keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in. -Zig Ziglar
Time will explain it all. He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks. -Euripides
Poets need not go to Niagara to write about the force of falling water. -Robert Frost
What the caterpillar calls the end, the rest of the world calls a butterfly. -Lao Tsu
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. -John Ruskin
We have our brush and colors - paint Paradise and in we go. -Nikos Kazantzakis
I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death. -Patrick Henry
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best. -George Eliot
It was high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, always do what you are afraid to do. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. -Vincent Lombardi
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. -Mark Twain
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. -Wayne Dyer
It is great wealth to a soul to live frugally with a contented mind. -Lucretius
There is no failure. Only feedback. -Author unknown
It is impossible for us to break the law. We can only break ourselves against the law. -Cecil B Demille
Let us endeavor to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -Mark Twain
What is in the end to be thrown down, Begins by being first set on high. -Tao Saying
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. -Mahatma Gandhi
If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't. -Lyall Watson
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. -Epictetus
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. -Vince Lombardi
Do not worry about the future for it is not yet come. Live each day in the present and make it beautiful. -Unknown Author
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. -Heraclitus
Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view. -Anonymous
To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice. -Martial
Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing. -Harriet Braiker
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. -Plato
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor. -Robert Frost
Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own. -Robert Collier
To aim at the best and to remain essentially ourselves is one and the same thing. -Janet Erskine Stuart
One can never pay in gratitude: one can only pay in kind somewhere else in life. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat him as he could be, and he will become what he should be. -Jimmy Johnson
We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learned to bear its ills, without being overcome by them. -Juvenal
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity. -Louis Pasteur
Confidence is the companion of success. -Unknown Author
They fail, and they alone, who have not striven. -T B Aldrich
Here is a test to find out whether your mission in life is complete. If you're alive, it isn't. -Richard Bach
Man's biggest mistake is to believe that he's working for someone else. -Nashua Cavalier
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. -Napoleon Hill
Where fear is, happiness is not. -Seneca
The two basic processes of education are knowing and valuing. -Robert J. Havighurst
An ounce of hypocracy is worth a pound of ambition. -Michael Korda
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. -James Allen
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory. -Norman Vincent Peale
Be a spot on the ground where nothing is growing, where something might be planted, a seed, from the Absolute. -Tao Saying
Today I live in the quiet, joyous expectation of good. -Ernest Holmen
Silence may be golden, but can you think of a better way to entertain someone than to listen to him? -Brigham Young
The hand cannot reach higher than does the heart. -Orison Swett Marden
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world. -Merlin
Every business is built on friendship. -J. C. Penney
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything. -Zig Ziglar
All things are possible until they are proved impossible and even the impossible may only be so, as of now. -Pearl S. Buck
A minute's success pays the failure for years. -Robert Browning
He who does not tire, tires adversity. -Unknown Author
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect. -Mark Twain
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -Sally Berger
An idea not coupled with action will never get any bigger than the brain cell it occupied. -Arnold Glascow
Get the facts first. You can distort them later. -Mark Twain
Be absolutely clear about who you are and what you stand for. Refuse to compromise. -Brian Tracy
Genius is nothing more than inflamed enthusiasm. -Unknown Author
People who enjoy what they are doing invariably do it well. -Joe Gibbs
The fact that you are willing to say, "I do not understand, and it is fine," is the greatest understanding you could exhibit. -Wayne Dyer
To meet my goals, I couldn't let up when I was playing tennis. -Tracy Austin
We can help others in the world more by making the most of yourself than in any other way. -Earl Nightingale
No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings. -William Blake
I may be crazy but it keeps me from going insane. -Waylon Jennings
Don't forget until too late that the business of life is not business, but living. -B. C. Forbes
Thinking is heavily endorsed. -Mal Pancoast
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. -Thaddeus Golas
No man is capable of self-improvement if he sees no other model but himself. -Conrado I. Generoso
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best. -David O. McKay
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land amongst the stars. -Les Brown
The biggest fool in the world is he who merely does his work supremely well, without attending to appearance. -Michael Korda
It's always too soon to quit. -Norman Vincent Peale
No rest is worth anything except the rest that is earned. -Jean Paul
Show class, have pride, and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself. -Paul Bryant
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do. -Orison Swett Marden
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. -Eleanor Roosevelt
At a distance from home a man is judged by what he means. -Anonymous
To love what you do and feel that it matters-how could anything be more fun. -Katherine Graham
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake. -Confucius
Consumers are statistics. Customers are people. -Stanley Marcus
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take a chance and be great? -Jimmy Johnson
Our admiration of fine writing will always be in proportion to its real difficulty and its apparent ease. -Charles Caleb Colton
Our power is in our ability to decide. -Buckminster Fuller
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles A Beard
Virtue is like health: the harmony of the whole man. -Thomas Carlyle
Happiness is more a state of health than of wealth. -Frank Tyger
Mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -Mary Kay Ash
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. -Judy Garland
Good actions ennoble us, we are the sons of our own deeds. -Miguel de Cervantes
Si, Se Puede! (Yes, we are able!) -Cesar Chavez
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power and influence. -Henry Chester
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work. -Richard Bach
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance and sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
The challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves. -Steven Covey
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single minute before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things. -Dan Quayle
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air. -John Quincy Adams
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program. -Bob Wells
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst for riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it. -Laurence Sterne
Never mistake motion for action. -Ernest Hemingway
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible. -Lord Chesterfield
I consider a goal as a journey rather than a destination. And each year I set a new goal. -Curtis Carlson
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock. -Henny Youngman
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one. -Cato the Elder
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. -Bo Jackson
To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act! -Alfred A. Montapert
Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep. -Denis Waitley
Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied. -Arnold Glasow
If you plan for one year, plant rice. If you plan for ten years, plant trees. If you plan for 100 years, educate mankind. -Chinese Proverb
Plans are nothing; planning is everything. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. -Winnie the Pooh
Character is the ability to follow through on a resolution long after the emotion with which it was made has passed. -Brian Tracy
Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success. -Randall R. McBride, Jr.
A team is a team is a team. Shakespeare said that many times. -Dan Devine
Order your soul; reduce your wants; live in charity; associate in Christian community; obey the laws; trust in Providence. -St. Augustine
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing. -Red Sanders
I must do something always solves more problems than Something must be done. -Unknown Author
What I like in a good author isn't what he says, but what he whispers. -Logan Pearsall Smith
Love is an act of faith, and whoever is of little faith is also of little love. -Erich Fromm
The cynic says, One man can't do anything. I say, Only one man can do anything. -John W Gardner
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of. -Unknown Author
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Edison
I can see in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a man-made world. -Helen Keller
Only those who do nothing make no mistakes. -Author unknown
In Hollywood all the marriages are happy, it's trying to live together afterwards that causes all the problems. -Shelly Winters
Many hands make the light work. -Leroy W. Jones
A leader is a dealer in hope. -Napoleon Bonaparte
Passion costs me too much to bestow it on every trifle. (1640). -Thomas Adams
He conquers who endures. -Persius
Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. -Kahlil Gibran
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. -Socrates
Being an optimist after you've got very thing you want doesn't count. -Ken Hubbard
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. -Samuel Johnson
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before. -James Buckham
Who hath not known ill fortune, never knew himself, or his own virtue. -Mallett
If you once turn on your side after the hour at which you ought to rise, it is all over. Bolt up at once. -Sir Walter Scott
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas A. Edison
The desire not to be anything is the desire not to be. -Ayn Rand
When your self-worth goes up, your net worth goes up with it. -Mark Victor Hansen
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us... What we make of our talents is our gift back to God. -Leo Buscaglia
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is. -Isaac Asimov
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others. -Wayne Dyer
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. -Ralph H. Blum
There is only one success-to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
Dust is a protective coating for fine furniture. -Mario Burata
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -Norman Vincent Peale
Hot heads and cold hearts never solved anything. -Billy Graham
I would rather fail in an attempt at something new and uncharted than safely succeed in a repeat of something I have done. -A. E. Hotchner
The common denominator for success is work. -John D. Rockefeller
Strive for integrity - that means knowing your values in life and behaving in a way that is consistent with these values. -Unknown Author
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. -Demosthenes
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. -Dale Carnegie
When you have them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow. -Jerry Martin
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. -Don Marquis
Always plan ahead. It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark. -Richard C. Cushing
I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail. -William Faulkner
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you're saying. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding. -Douglas MacArthur
In oratory the will must predominate. -David Hare
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale. -Arthur C. Clarke
Love is the master key opens the gates of happiness. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Reality can be beaten with enough imagination. -Unknown Author
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly until you learn to do it well. -Steve Brown
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed. -Woodrow Wilson
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -Arthur C Clarke
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. -Carl Bard
I have had dreams, and I have had nightmares. I overcame the nightmares because of my dreams. -Dr. Jonas Salk
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal, when we are confident and believe we are going to win out. -Orison Swett Marden
The significant problems we face in life can not be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein
Quality is everyone's responsibility. -W. Edwards Deming
Change in all things is sweet. -Aristotle
The big shots are only the little shots who keep shooting. -Christopher Morley
Make yourself indispensable, and you will move up. Act as though you are indispensable, and you will move out. -Jules Ormont
All glory comes from daring to begin. -Eugene F. Ware
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of overcoming of it. -Helen Keller
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps down new roads armed with nothing but their own vision. -Ayn Rand
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. -Napoleon Hill
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly. What is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine de Saint Exupery
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. -James A. Froude
Aim for the highest. -Andrew Carnegie
Every choice you make has an end result. -Zig Ziglar
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first. -Josiah Quincy
champions know there are no shortcuts to the top. They climb the mountain one step at a time. they have no use for helicopters! -Judi Adler
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. -Francis Bacon
Real wealth is ideas plus energy. -Buckminster Fuller
Knowing your destination is half the journey. -Unknown Author
Nothing gives a person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances. -Thomas Jefferson
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. -Swedish proverb
Law, without force, is impotent. -Blaise Pascal
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day. -Alexander Woollcott
Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul. -Niccolo Machiavelli
As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency. -Caroline Kennedy Schlossburg
I love humanity, it's the people I can't stand. -Linus
The greatest happiness comes from the greatest activity. -Bovee
The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell. -Andrew Carnegie
You cannot consistently perform in a manner which is inconsistent with the way you see yourself. -Zig Ziglar
The best vision is insight. -Malcolm S. Forbes
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. -Anatole France
Friendship was given by nature to be an assistant to virtue, not a companion to vice. -Cicero
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. -The Reverend Jesse Jackson, American Civil Rights Leader
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. -From a Headstone in Ireland
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shape the soul and let the glory out. -Al Gore
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. -Epictetus
A message prepared in the mind reaches a mind; a message prepared in a life reaches a life. -Bill Gothard
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. -Winston Churchill
Many are called but few get up. -Oliver Herford
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent; doing what is impossible with talent is genius. -Henri-frederic Amiel
Courage to start and willingness to keep everlasting at it are the requisites for success. -Alonzo Newton Benn
Thinking is more stinking than drinking, but to feel is for real. -Sufi Sam
Don't be content with being average. Average is as close to the bottom as it is to the top. -Unknown Author
We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand - and melting like a snowflake. -Marie B. Ray
Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
One man with courage makes a majority. -Andrew Jackson
Do not let what you can't do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
Everywhere you look in science, the harder it becomes to understand the universe without God. -Robert Herrman
The best way out is through. -Robert Frost
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is the time to dare and endure. -Winston Churchill
Knowledge is the distilled essence of our institutions, corroborated by experience. -Elbert Hubbard
The man who has no imagination has no wings. -Muhammad Ali
There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two. -Bertolt Brecht
Quitting is only a short cut to losing. -Unknown author
Nothing is a greater impediment to being on good terms with others than being ill at ease with yourself. -Honore De Balzac
The sovereign invigorator of the body is exercise, and of all the exercises walking is the best. -Thomas Jefferson
What we think or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only thing of consequence is what we do. -John Ruskin
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. -Dan Quayle
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. -William James
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. -Tom Brokaw
A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind. -Saint Exupery
The more things change, the more they remain the same. -Alphonse Karr
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind. -Jonannes Brahms
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn't spend half our time wishing. -Alexander Woollcott
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. (from the Sufis). -Wayne Dyer
Perfecting is our destiny, but perfection never our lot. -C. J. Weber
Hard work means prosperity; only a fool idles away his time. -Proverbs
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another. -Madonna
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened. -Winston Churchill
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb
How you think when you lose determines how long it will be until you win. -G.k Chesterton
With coarse rice to eat, with water to drink, and my bended arm for a pillow-I have still joy in the midst of all these things. -Confucius
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life. -Billy Graham
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. -Bill William Henry Cosby
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan. -Norman Vincent Peale
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. -Helen Keller
It is better to wear out than to rust out. -Richard Cumberland
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone. -Blaise Pascal
We must want for others, not ourselves alone. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Failure is the path of least resistance. -Sir James Matthew Barrie
When you hire people who are smarter than you are, you prove you are smarter than they are. -Harold V Melchert
An avalanche begins with a snowflake. -Joseph Compton
Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything. -Wyatt Earp
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words; I did not have time. -Franklin Field
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can. -Josh Billings
The past doesn't equal the future. -Anthony Robbins
The first and the best victory is to conquer self. -Plato
It is easier to fight for our principles than it is to live up to them. -Alfred Adler
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something. -Frederick Smith
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where you'd rather be. -Dexter Yager
Hard work brings prosperity; playing around brings poverty. -Bible
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience. -Laurence Peter
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances. -Julia Soul
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it. -Unknown Author
The best way to help poor people is to not be one of them. -Bob Harrington
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want. -Anthony Robbins
If someone says "can't," that shows you what to do. -John Cage
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom. -Napoléon I
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. -Thomas Paine
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Just do what you do best. -Red Auerbach
Here is the simple but powerful rule... always give people more than they expect to get. -Nelson Boswell
Some say knowledge is power, but that is not true. Character is power. -Sri Sathya Sai Baba
The years teach much which the days never knew. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The reputation of thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. -Japanese proverb
I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. Why should the work stop while I leave it and come down to you?. -Bible
Our problems are man-made, therefore they may be solved by man. No problem of human destiny is beyond human beings. -John F. Kennedy
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes. -Charles Prestwich Scott
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy. -Garth Brooks
It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen. -Aristotle
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness. -Kahlil Gibran
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things. -Margaret Meade
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger. -Epictetus
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live. -Henry David Thoreau
Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm. -Benjamin Disraeli
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time. -Mark Twain
I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday. -Abraham Lincoln
Be true to your teeth and they won't be false to you. -Soupy Sales
The highest happiness of man... is to have probed what is knowable and quietly to revere what is unknowable. -Goethe
If you chase two rabbits, both will escape. -Author unknown
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence. -Henry David Thoreau
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. -Vincent Van Gogh
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination. -Sam Levenson
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success. -Henry David Thoreau
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. -Nicholas Murray Butler
The fortune which nobody sees makes a person happy and unenvied. -Francis Bacon
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread. -Mother Teresa
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent is gone forever. -Zig Ziglar
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. -Earl Wilson
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success. -Kahlil Gibran
Never mistake activity for achievement. -John Wooden
One we discover how to appreciate the timeless values in our daily experiences, we can enjoy the best things in life. -Harry Hepner
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend. -Katherine Hathaway
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. -Kierkegaard
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon must inevitably come to pass. -Paul J Meyer
Ultimately, the only power to which man should aspire is that which he exercises over himself. -Elie Wiesel
I am always willing to learn, however I do not always like to be taught. -Winston Churchill
No person is important enough to make me angry. -Carlos Castenada
It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents. -Eric Hoffer
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself; nothing, but the triumph of principles. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe. -Wayne Dyer
What we are looking for is what is looking. -St Francis Assisi
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. -William M. Thackeray
Worry is simply an unhealthy and destructive mental habit. -Norman Vincent Peale
Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose. -Leonardo Da Vinci
Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. -June Masters Bacher
A diamond is a lump of coal that stuck with it. -Author unknown
The love of life is necessary to the vigorous prosecution of any undertaking. -Samuel Johnson
The journey is the reward. -Chinese proverb
Art is the objectification of feeling. -Suzanne K. Langer
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. -Denis Waitley
Fall down seven times, stand up eight. -Japanese Proverb
Money is flat and was meant to be piled up. -Scottish Proverb
The next best thing to winning is losing! At least you've been in the race. -Nellie Hershey Tullis
Like the bee, we should make our industry our amusement. -Oliver Goldsmith
Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour. -Ovid
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows. -Japanese proverb
My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met. -Rodney Dangerfield
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake. -Matthew Prior
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time. -Katherine Hepburn
The New England conscience doesn't keep you from doing what you shouldn't-it just keeps you from enjoying it. -Cleveland Amory
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them. -Joseph Heller
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. -Marcus Aurelius
Enthusiasm moves the world. -Arthur James Balfour
No man should be shamefaced through his work, to give back to the world a portion of its lost heart. -Louise Bogan
We must travel in the direction of our fear. -John Berryman
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil. -Marcus T. Cicero
I love living. I have some problems with my life, but living is the best thing they've come up with so far. -Neil Simon
Watch out for emergencies. They are your big chance. -Fritz Reiner
Outside noisy, inside empty. -Chinese Proverb
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown
Marriage is a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose. -Beverly Nichols
Compassion is no substitute for justice. -Rush Limbaugh
Success is a journey...not a destination. -Ben Sweetland
There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that's important. -Ruth Ross
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito. -Unknown Author
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen. -Lee Iacocca
The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide world's joy. -Henry Ward Beecher
Hard things are put in our way, not to stop us, but to call out our courage and strength. -Unknown Author
Ask not what tomorrow may bring, but count as blessing every day that fate allows you. -Horace
A shot glass of desire is greater than a pitcher of talent. -Andy Munthe
An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered. -G. K. Chesterton
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent. -Victor Hugo
Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them. -Tom Stoppard
He adorned whatever subject he either spoke or wrote upon, by the most splendid eloquence. -Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Cheserfield
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
A friend is known when needed. -Arabian proverb
A smile is a window on your face to show your heart is at home. -Anonymous
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out. -Rabindranath Tagore
By love serve one another. -Galatians
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. -T. S. Eliot
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell. -Anonymous
The strangest, most generous, and proudest of all virtues is true courage. -Michel Eyquem
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far they can go. -T. S. Eliot
Seize the day, put no trust in tomorrow. -Horace
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -Kahlil Gibran
I've run less risk driving my way across country than eating my way across it. -Duncan Hines
No sooner said than done - so acts your man of worth. -Quintus Ennius
A person shows what he is by what he does with what he has. -Unknown Author
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. -Unknown Author
Faith is spiritualized imagination. -Henry Ward Beecher
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. -Belva Davis
Become addicted to constant and never ending self improvement. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Love not what you are but, what you may become. -Miguel De Cervantes
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle. Every cubic inch of space is a miracle. -Walt Whitman
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, passion. -Nadia Boulanger
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so. -Bertrand Russell
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. -Robert C. Gallagher
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another. -Helen Keller
Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. -Larry Bird
Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn. -Hare Charles
Within you is the divine capacity to manifest and attract all that you need or desire. -Wayne Dyer
The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is. -Dante (alighieri)
Stop a moment, cease your work, and look around you. -Thomas Carlyle
You could afford your house without the government-if it weren't for the government. -Rush Limbaugh
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. -J P Donleavy
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement. -Charles F. Kettering
Presence is more than just being there. -Malcolm S. Forbes
A leader knows what's best to do; a manager knows merely how best to do it. -Ken Adelman
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare. -Mark Twain
He whom love touches not walks in darkness. -Plato
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. -Jim Valvano
Efficiency is doing better what is already being done. -Peter F. Drucker
Don't set compensation as a goal. Find work you like, and the compensation will follow. -Harding Lawrence
You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere. -Lee Iacocca
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail. -David Merrick
Progress always involves risk; you can't steal second base and keep your foot on first. -Frederick Wilcox
It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching. -St Francis Assisi
Moral courage is the most valuable and usually the most absent characteristic in men. -George Patton
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master. You will rule it instead of allowing it to rule you. -Charles E. Popplestone
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound. -James Allen
Don't play for safety-it's the most dangerous thing in the world. -Hugh Walpole
The language of friendship is not words but meanings. -Henry David Thoreau
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger. -Walter Bagehot
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Teresa
Virtue is its own reward. -Marcus T. Cicero
Concentration is the secret of strength in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience. -Emily Dickinson
I want to talk with people who care about things that matter that will make a life-changing difference. -Mark Victor Hansen
Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other. -Brian Tracy
The most prepared are the most dedicated. -Raymond Berry
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one. -Marcus Aurelius
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything. -Eugene Delacroix
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
Let us watch well our beginnings, and results will manage themselves. -Alexander Clark
If you haven't the strength to impose your own terms upon life, you must accept the terms it offers you. -T. S. Eliot
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Schultz
Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. -George Van Valkenburg
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -Loretta Scott
Democracy without morality is impossible. -Jack Kemp
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. -William F. Scolavino
If you can't return a favor, pass it on. -Louise Brown
The less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in. -Lord Chesterfield
Profitability doesn't happen when you're walking on bullshit. -Jerry Martin
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. -Rabindranath Tagore
None will improve your lot if you yourself do not. -Bertolt Brecht
Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity, they think of you. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet. -Woody Allen
Labor disgraces no man, but occasionally men disgrace labor. -Ulysses S. Grant
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
Be absolutely determined to enjoy what you do. -Gerry Sikorski
What you do off the job is determining factor in how far you will go on the job. -Zig Ziglar
When you believe you can...you can! -Maxwell Maltz
I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately triumph than to triumph in a cause that ultimately fails. -Woodrow Wilson
The journey is the reward. -Tao Saying
The controlled person is a powerful person. He who always keeps his head will get ahead. -Norman Vincent Peale
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas A. Edison
The gods only laugh when people ask them for money. -Japanese Proverb
We usually get what we anticipate. -Claude M. Bristol
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. -William Makepeace Thackeray
When you can't have what you want, it's time to start wanting what you have. -Kathleen A. Sutton
Men should be what they seem. -William Shakespeare
Failure is a prerequisite for great success. If you want to succeed faster, double your rate of failure. -Brian Tracy
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
You never become a howling success by just howling. -Bob Harrington
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier. -Roy Disney
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life. -Alvin Toffler
The most vital test of a man's character is not how he behaves after success, but how he sustains defeat. -Raymond Moley
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. -William Blake
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures. -Author unknown
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere. -Tim McGraw
In every phenomenon the beginning remains always the most notable moment. -Thomas Carlyle
The difference between an optimist and a pessimist? An optimist laughs to forget, but a pessimist forgets to laugh. -Tom Bodett
God helps them that help themselves. -Benjamin Franklin
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return. -Pilgrims
Never measure the height of a mountain, until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
Experts often possess more data than judgment. -General Colin Powell
Know your limits... but never stop trying to exceed them. -Unknown Author
The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail. -Nelson Mandela
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing. -Robert Benchley
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. -Ray Kroc
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words. -Sophocles
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. -Brian Tracy
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
Imagination gallops; judgment merely walks. -Proverb
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. -Malcolm Forbes
It is an undoubted truth, that the less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in. -Earl of Chesterfield
Success is never permanent, and failure is never final. -Mike Ditka
Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future. -Brian Tracy
Self-trust is the essence of heroism. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity. -Henry David Thoreau
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it. -Abraham Lincoln
Plodding wins the race. -Aesop
You can clutch the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present. -Jan Glidewell
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -Sir James Barrie
As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything, keep it. -Mahatma Gandhi
Bad excuses are worse than none. -Thomas Fuller
Everything comes to him that hustles while he waits. -Thomas Edison
The new source of power is not money in the hands of a few, but information in the hands of many. -John Naisbitt
Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself. -A Zen Saying
You do not have to be superhuman to do what you believe in. -Debbi Fields
We are new every day. -Irene Claremont de Castillego
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything. -Theodore Roosevelt
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
No executive has ever suffered because his subordinates were strong and effective. -Peter Drucker
A good leader needs to have a compass in his head and a bar of steel in his heart. -Robert Townsend
In business for yourself, not by yourself. -Ray Kroc
Rail-splitting produced an immortal president in Lincoln, but golf hasn't produced even a good Congressman. -Will Rogers
There is something to that old saying that hate injures the hater, not the hated. -Pilgrims
Asking a writer what he thinks about criticism is like asking a lamppost what it feels about dogs. -John Osborne
The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
The past should be a springboard not a hammock. -Irving Ball
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -John Albert Michener
A belief is not merely an idea the mind possesses; it is an idea that possesses the mind. -Robert Bolton
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance. -Ruth E Renkel
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The map is not the territory. -Alfred Korzybski
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does. -James M Barrie
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. -Walt Disney
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing. -Michael Phillips
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by others. -Charles Caleb Colton
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it. -Robert Collier
It's so hard when I have to, And so easy when I want to. -Sondra Anice Barnes
How far high failure overleaps the bounds of low success. -Sir Lewis Morris
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -Tolstoy
Little by little does the trick. -Aesop
A man is what he thinks about all day long. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success. -Michael Eisner
True or true? Yes or yes?. -Mark Victor Hansen
When small men begin to cast long shadows, it is a sure sign that the sun is setting. -Anonymous
An optimist sees and opportunity in every calamity. A pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity. -Unknown Author
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. -Libbie Fudim
You have no control over what the other guy does. You only have control over what you do. -A J Kitt
To see your drama clearly is to be liberated from it. -Ken Keyes
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
When you are alone you are all your own. -Leonardo Da Vinci
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Edison
He who stops being better, stops being good. -Oliver Cromwell
Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity. -Louis Pasteur
Idealism increases in direct proportion to one's distance from the problem. -Darcy E. Gibbons
Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Success is never final and failure never fatal. It's courage that counts. -Jules Ellinger
Live as you will have wished to have lived when you are dying. -Christian Furchtegott Gellert
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle. -Sir William Osler
Music is well said to be the speech of angels. -Thomas Carlyle
At first we hope too much; later on, not enough. -Joesph Roux
What's the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback? He loses his confidence. -Terry Bradshaw
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
Give to us clear vision that we may know where to stand and what to stand for. -Peter Marshall
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. -Buddha
I can't change the direction of the wind. But I can adjust my sails. -Unknown Author
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser - in case you thought optimism was dead. -Robert Brault
The setting of a great hope is like the setting of the sun. The brightness of our life is gone. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Nothing is good or bad, but thinking makes it so. -William Shakespeare
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Praying without ceasing is not ritualized, nor are there even words. It is a constant state of awareness of oneness with God. -Pilgrims
Social advance depends as much upon the process through which it is secured as upon the result itself. -Jane Addams
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. -Albert Einstein
Only those who dare to fail greatly, can ever achieve greatly. -Robert F. Kennedy
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change. -Confucius
If you commit a crime, you're guilty. -Rush Limbaugh
May they who love you be like the sun when it rises in its strength. -The Bible, Judges 5:31
Controlled time is our true wealth. -Buckminster Fuller
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn. -John Wesley
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. -George Washington
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. -Josephus Daniels
Concentrate on finding your goal, then concentrate on reaching it. -Michael Friedsam
The word is half his that speaks, and half his that hears it. -Michel Eyquem
I believe the sign of maturity is accepting deferred gratification. -Peggy Cahn
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Life must be lived forward, but can only be understood backwards. -Kierkegaard
Until you value yourself you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it. -M. Scott Peck
Non-ambiguity is the shaping force of reality. -Joseph Pierce
One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius. -Simone De Beauvoir
The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and doing it exactly right. -Edward Simmons
In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
You can determine how confident people are by listening to what they don't say about themselves. -Brian G. Jett
Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love. -Zig Ziglar
The meaning of life is to give life meaning. -Ken Hudgins
From the movie, The Boy Who Could Fly Somewhere, deep inside, we can all fly. -Guy Finley
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse. -Rudyard Kipling
The pursuit of perfection, then, is the pursuit of sweetness and light. -Matthew Arnold
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -Benjamin Franklin
If at first you don't succeed; you are running about average. -M. H. Alderson
Take rest. A field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. -Ovid
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot. -Clarence Thomas
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut. -Anonymous
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge. -Napoleon Hill
The country is full of good coaches. What it takes to win is a bunch of interested players. -Don Coryell, ex-San Diego Chargers Coach
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. -Charles W. Chesnutt
Independence is happiness. -Susan B. Anthony
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely. -Auguste Rodin
A wife encourages her husband's egoism in order to encourage her own. -Russel Green
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. -Earl Nightingale
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor kind of business. -Henry Ford
My father always told me, Find a job you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life. -Jim Fox
The valid research for the future is on the inner side, on the spiritual side. -Pilgrims
As you climb the ladder of success, check occasionally to make sure it is leaning against the right wall. -Unknown Author
Vice is its own reward. It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps. -Quentin Crisp
By working hard, you get to play hard guilt-free. -E James Rohn
Don't go through life, grow through life. -Eric Butterworth
Do not repeat anything you will not sign your name to. -Unknown Author
When I do right, no one remembers. When I do wrong, no one ever forgets. -Anonymous
Opportunity rarely knocks on your door. Knock rather on opportunity's door if you ardently wish to enter. -B. C. Forbes
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance. -Anonymous
Never be afraid to do something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the titanic. -Anonymous
When you are lacking in faith, Others will be unfaithful to you. -Tao Saying
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Hope is the last thing ever lost. -Italian Proverb
My best friend is the one who brings our the best in me. -Henry Ford
No problem can stand the assault of sustained thinking. -Francois Marie Arouet de Voltaire
To choose time is to save time. -Francis Bacon
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up. -Vince Lombardi
Christianity knows no truth which is not the child of love and the parent of duty. -Phillips Brooks
Confidence is a lot of this game or any game. If you don't think you can, you won't. -Jerry West
Creativity is allowing oneself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. -Ziggy
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand. -Thomas Carlyle
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. -Duke Ellington
Good luck is often with the man who doesn't include it in his plans. -Unknown Author
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. -Thomas Alva Edison
An adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered. -G.k Chesterton
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. -Robert Frost
All words are pegs to hang ideas on. -Henry Ward Beecher
Integrity is the essence of everything successful. -Buckminster Fuller
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. -William James
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -Maureen Dowd
Keep your business affairs in your own hands. It's the only way to be happy. -Martha Washington
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. -William A. Ward
The little that is completed, vanishes from the sight of one who looks forward to what is still to do. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Misfortune shows those who are not really friends. -Aristotle
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless. -B F Skinner
The ability to learn faster than your competitors may be the only sustainable competitive advantage. -Peter Senge
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
One thing only I know, and that is that I know nothing. -Socrates
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Security is a kind of death. -Tennessee Williams
We are here on earth to do good to others. What the others are here for, I don't know. -W H Auden
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
Good luck needs no explanation. -Shirley Temple Black
He who refuses to embrace a unique opportunity loses the prize as surely as if he had failed. -William James
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. -Roy Disney
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it. -Pat Riley
Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy. -Gretta Brooker Palmer
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. -Dr. Laura Schlessinger
Don't waste time calculating your chances of success and failure. Just fix your aim and begin. -Guan Yin Tzu
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content. -Helen Keller
Fear is never a reason for quitting; it is only an excuse. -Norman Vincent Peale
A good plan is like a road map: it shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there. -H. Stanley Judd
There's no sentence that's too short in the eyes of God. -William Zinsser
Do not fear death so much, but rather the inadequate life. -Bertolt Brecht
Half a man's wisdom goes with his courage. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end. -Immanuel Kant
You make a living by what you get, but you make a life by what you give. -Unknown Author
Although Golf was originally restricted to wealthy Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. -Dave Barry
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
Don't worry about people stealing an idea. If it's original, you will have to ram it down their throats. -Howard Aiken
It is the familiar that usually eludes us in life. What is before our nose is what we see last. -William Barrett
Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability. -Roy L Smith
Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities. -Robert H. Schuller
Most games are lost, not won. -Casey Stengel
Zeal is a volcano, the peak of which the grass of indecisiveness does not grow. -Kahlil Gibran
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day. -Jim Rohn
It is more shameful to mistrust one's friends than to be deceived by them. -La Rochefoucauld
One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments. -Henry Ward Beecher
Be still when you have nothing to say. When genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot. -D. H. Lawrence
Whatever happens, take responsibility. -Anthony Robbins
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement. -Unknown author
Determination and perseverance move the world; thinking that others will do it for you is a sure way to fail. -Marva Collins
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing. -Robert Ingersoll
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable. -Benjamin Franklin
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. -Sandara Carey
It's not the hours you put in, but what you put into the hours that count. -E James Rohn
Love truth, and pardon error. -Voltaire
Friendship is one mind in two bodies. -Mencius
Time you enjoyed wasting is not wasted time. -T. S. Elliot
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Say what you mean and mean what you say. -George S. Patton
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing. -Eva Young
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them. -Aristotle
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African Proverb
Why? Why Not? Why Not You? Why Not Now? -Aslan
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. -Dale Carnegie
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
The important thing is not that we can live on hope alone, but that life is not worth living without it. -Harvey Milk
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. -Joshua J. Marine
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner. -English proverb
You gotta be hungry! -Les Brown
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Such is human psychology that if we don't express our joy, we soon cease to feel it. -Lin Yutang
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. -Thomas Alva Edison
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. -Seneca
Life is not a struggle. It's a wiggle. -Peter Mcwilliams
Time is our most valuable asset, yet we tend to waste it, kill it and spend it rather than invest it. -Jim Rohn
Freedom is the right to live as we wish. -Epictetus
Nothing has any power over me other than that which I give it through my conscious thoughts. -Anthony Robbins
Life is like riding a bike. It is impossible to maintain your balance while standing still. -Linda Brakeall
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. -Napoleon Hill
I would rather be able to appreciate things I can not have than to have things I am not able to appreciate. -Elbert Hubbard
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them. -Broderick Crawford
A politician thinks of the next election - a statesman, of the next generation. -James Freeman Clarke
Success is a matter of adjusting one's efforts to obstacles and one's abilities to a service needed by others. -Henry Ford
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Thomas Edison
Freedom is the last, best hope of earth. -Abraham Lincoln
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise. -Lao-Tze
To give without any reward, or any notice, has a special quality of its own. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. -William Faulkner
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. -Elbert Hubbard
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools. -Og Mandino
Expect your every need to be met. Expect the answer to every problem, expect abundance on every level. -Eileen Caddy
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how. -Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no ordinary moments. -Dan Millman
Truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it and ignorance may deride it, but, in the end, there it is. -Sir Winston Churchill
Vote with your life; vote yes! -Das Energi
To lead the people, walk behind them. -Lao Tzu
The battle is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave. -Patrick Henry
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations. -Albert Einstein
He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged. -Benjamin Franklin
The real challenge (in life) is to choose, hold, and operate through intelligent, uplifting, and fully empowering beliefs. -Michael Sky
If we learned everything there is to know in kindergarten, it was promptly drummed out of us in first grade. -Peter Mcwilliams
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character. -W. Somerset Maugham
Perfection is our goal, excellence will be tolerated. -J. Yahl
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. -Jim Rohn
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Love is a friendship set to music. -E Joseph Cossman
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. -Elbert Hubbard
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love. -William Law
Without a global revolution in the sphere of human consciousness a more humane society will not emerge. -Vaclav Havel
Many hands make light work. -John Heywood
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put one's thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world. -Goethe
Chance favors the prepared mind. -Louis Pasteur
Every word that you express will return to you. -Christian Larson
If you have fear of those that command you, spare those that obey you. -Rabbi Ben Azai
Glass, china, and reputation are easily cracked and never well mended. -Old Folk Saying
If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. -Edmund Burke
Once conform, once do what others do because they do it, and a kind of lethargy steals over all the finer senses of the soul. -Montaigne
You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you'll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit. -Joe Paterno
Stay committed to your decisions; but stay flexible in your approach. -Tony Robbins
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Enthusiasm is the leaping lightning, not to be measured by the horse-power of the understanding. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope springs exulting on triumphant wing. -Robert Burns
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference. -Coach Bear Bryant
I am a lucky man. -Christopher Reeve
What's more important-your goal, or others' opinions of your goal. -Peter Mcwilliams
One kind word can warm three winter months. -Japanese Proverb
Life is an adventure in forgiveness. -Norman Cousins
He who excuses himself, accuses himself. -Gabriel Meurier
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. -Albert Einstein
Two rules to follow: 1) Don't sweat the small stuff. 2) It's all small stuff. -Robert Elliot
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
Where your talents and the needs of the world cross lies your calling. -Aristotle
The chains of habit are generally too small to be felt until they are too strong to be broken. -Samuel Johnson
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from. -T. S. Eliot
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them. -François de la Rochefoucauld
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man. -Paul J Getty
You've got to keep fighting; you've got to risk your life every six months to stay alive. -Elia Kazan
A kind and compassionate act is often its own reward. -William John Bennett
Friendship with oneself is all-important because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. -Eleanor Roosevelt
We were born to succeed, not to fail. -Henry David Thoreau
Reflect upon your blessings, of which every man has plenty, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. -Charles Dickens
Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself. -John Macnaughton
We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing! -George Bernard Shaw
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. -Indira Gandhi
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success. -Zig Ziglar
It is a shameful thing for the soul to faint while the body still perseveres. -Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Why should I clutter my mind with general information when I have men around me who can supply any knowledge I need? -Henry Ford
Help others get ahead. You will always stand taller with someone else on your shoulders. -Bob Moawad
I just try to concentrate on concentrating. -Martina Navratilova
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. -H L Mencken
The enjoyment of life would be instantly gone if you removed the possibility of doing something. -Chauncey Depew
Let the beauty of what you love, be what you do. -Rumi
Weakness of character is the only defect which cannot be amended. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
For every mountain there is a miracle. -Robert H. Schuller
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner. -Benjamin Franklin
What has happened makes the world. Live on the edge, looking. -Robert Creeley
Better three hours too soon, than one minute too late. -William Shakespeare
Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way. -George Patton
A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him. -Harry Mathews
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. -Buddha
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. -Henry David Thoreau
You can never plan the future by the past. -Edmund Burke
Writing is easy. All you have to do is stare at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. -Gene Fowler
If you're too busy to give your neighbor a helping hand, then you're just too darned busy. -Marie T. Freeman
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours. -John Locke
Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake. -Henry David Thoreau
He who awaits much can expect little. -Gabriel Garcia Marquez
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -Sir James M. Barrie
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind. -Henry James
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think. -Ayn Rand
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. -Emily Dickinson
Hope is the parent of faith. -Cyrus A. Bartol
Wealth is the product of energy times intelligence: energy turned into artifacts that advantage human life. -R. Buckminster Fuller
Illegitimis non carborundum."Lat., "Don't let the bastards grind you down. -Gen. Joseph Stilwell
Kindness gives birth to kindness. -Sophocles
By asking for the impossible we obtain the best possible. -Giovanni Niccolini
The superior man thinks only of virtue; the common man thinks only of comfort. -Confucius
To be the agent whose touch changes nature from a wild force to a work of art is inspiration of the highest order. -Bob Rodale
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -Charles Kettering
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. (Perhaps Cy Burnett) . -Lewis Grizzard
It requires a great deal of faith for a man to be cured by his own placebos. -John L. Mcclenahan
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art. -Kahlil Gibran
The influence of each human being on others in this life is a kind of immortality. -John Quincy Adams
Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere. -Albert Einstein
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. -Liane Cordes
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
Everyone is born a genius. -Buckminster Fuller
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory. -Henry Giles
Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. -Denis Waitley
Before beginning, plan carefully. -Marcus T. Cicero
Keep cool and you will command everyone. -Justinian
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. -Robert Half
Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough. -Robert Heller
Anyone who can be replaced by a machine deserves to be. -Dennis Gunston
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. -John Wooden
The man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is not likely to make money nor find much fun in life. -Charles Schwab
Poverty is not the root cause of crime. -Rush Limbaugh
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself. -Eubie Blake (On his 100th Birthday)
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration. -Marcus T. Cicero
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed. -Emily Dickinson
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French Proverb
The sole advantage of power is that you can do more good. -Baltasar Gracian
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
The suspicious parent makes an artful child. -Thomas G Halliburton
Fortune befriends the bold. -John Dryden
It is easier to do a job right than to explain why you didn't. -Martin Van Buren
Nothing is easy to the unwilling. -Thomas Fuller
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -Aldous Huxley
I have long been of the opinion that if work were such a splendid thing the rich would have kept more of it for themselves. -Bruce Grocott
Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor. -H. Jackson Brown Jr.
The mind is never right but when it is at peace within itself. -Seneca
Self pity is an acid which eats holes in happiness. -Earl Nightingale
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play. -John Cleese
If you are going to do something wrong, at least enjoy it. -Leo Rosten
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time. -Charles F. Kettering
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. -Albert Schweitzer
Life's most urgent question is, what are you doing for others? -Martin Luther King, Jr
Dreams can often become challenging, but challenges are what we live for. -Travis White
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
Respect a man, and he will do all the more. -John Wooden
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands. -Seneca
The only thing you will take through those pearly gates is what you have given away. -Marcia Moore
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life. -Frederico Fellini
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital. -Joe Paterno
Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison. -Walter Bagehot
We must have hope or starve to death. -Pearl S. Buck
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants, but is miles ahead in results. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
It takes only one other person to say it's so—one other point of reality—to make something real. -Mal Pancoast
Ambition never comes to an end. -Yoshida Kenko
We can be knowledgeable with other men's knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom. -Michel Eyquem
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. -Bertrand Russell
Writing is a craft not an art. -William Zinsser
What great things would you attempt if you knew you could not fail. -Robert Schuller
The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty and truth. -Albert Einstein
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. -Dalai Lama
It's important to me that money not be important to me. -Les Brown
Do not be afraid of enthusiasm. You need it. You can do nothing effectively without it. -Francois Pierre Guillaume Guizot
Nobody is bored when he is trying to make something that is beautiful, or to discover something that is true. -William Inge
Who likes not his business, his business likes not him. -William Hazlitt
Only your compassion and your loving kindness are invincible, and without limit. -Thich Nhat Hanh
Apathy is the glove into which evil slips its hand. -Bodie Thoene, Munich Signature
You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing. -Andrew Jackson
Whoever I am, or whatever I am doing, some kind of excellence is within my reach. -John W. Gardner
What you think of me is none of my business. -Terry Cole-whittaker
You can spend a lifetime, and, if you're honest with yourself, never once was your work perfect. -Charlton Heston
You've got to create a dream. You've got to uphold the dream. If you can't, go back to the factory or go back to the desk. -Eric Burdon
Show me a man who cannot bother to do little things and I'll show you a man who cannot be trusted to do big things. -Lawrence Bell
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means. -Henry Hazlitt
The spirited horse, which will try to win the race of its own accord, will run even faster if encouraged. -Ovid
To be prepared is half the victory. -Miguel Cervantes
Maturity is the capacity to endure uncertainty. -John Huston Finley
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits. -Charles Givens
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Suess
No winter lasts forever; no spring skips its turn. -Hal Borland
Truth has no special time of its own. Its hour is now-always. -Albert Schweitzer
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits, or they'll eventually conquer you. -Dr. Rob Gilbert
One worthwhile task carried to a successful conclusion is worth half-a-hundred half-finished tasks. -Malcom S. Forbes
Hope is putting faith to work when doubting would be easier. -Unknown Author
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold H. Glasgow
When you make a mistake, admit it. If you don't, you only make matters worse. -Ward Cleaver
Whoever does not regard what he has as most amply wealth, is unhappy, though he be master of the world. -Epictetus
The sorrow which has no vent in tears may make other organs weep. -Henry Maudsley
The only man who is really free is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving an excuse. -Jules Renard
A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all you energies on a limited set of targets. -Nido Qubein
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes. -John F. Kennedy
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. -Anthony Robbins
Luck never gives; it only lends. -Swedish Proverb
When man meets an obstacle he can't destroy, he destroys himself. -Ryszard Kapuscinski
There is no such thing as a self-made man. You will reach your goals only with the help of others. -George Shinn
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. -Conrad Hilton
Courage is doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage. -Henry Ward Beecher
Don't complain about the snow on your neighbor's roof when your own doorstep is unclean. -Confucius
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe. -St. Augustine
When I dream, I am ageless. -Elizabeth Coatsworth
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
To live without loving is not really to live. -Moliere
True happiness is not attained through self gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. -Helen Keller
It is the mind that maketh good of ill, that maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor. -Edmund Spenser
He who knows he has enough is rich. -Lao-tzu
I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country. -Nathan Hale
Trust men and they will be true to you; treat them greatly, and they will show themselves great. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
There is no man living who isn't capable of doing more than he thinks he can do. -Henry Ford
A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much. -Homer
You have to think big to be big. -Claude M. Bristol
A friend is a person before whom I may think aloud. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
He who angers you conquers you. -Elizabeth Kenny
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized. -Albert Einstein
That's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude. Also, a tactical misrepresentation. -Alexander Haig
There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. -John Adams
It is of no consequence of what parents a man is born, as long as he be a man of merit. -Horace
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed. -Coretta Scott King
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. -James Crook
Man does not weave this web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself. -Chief Seattle
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy. -Leo Buscaglia
Everybody can be great. Because anybody can serve.. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. -Martin
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Sam Goldwyn
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get. -Ray Kroc
Adversity is the trial of principle. Without it, a man hardly knows whether he is honest or not. -Henry Fielding
You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself. -Harry Firestone
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter. -E. E. Cummings
Enthusiasm glows, radiates, permeates and immediately captures everyone's interest. -Paul J. Meyer
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. -Albert Schweitzer
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short. -Abraham Maslow
Four basic premises of writing: clarity, brevity, simplicity, and humanity. -William Zinsser
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground; but a kind word is never thrown away. -Sir Arthur Helps
The noblest spirit is most strongly attracted by the love of glory. -Marcus T. Cicero
Guilt is the source of sorrows, the avenging fiend that follows us behind with whips and stings. -Nicholas Rowe
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are made. Destiny is made known silently. -Agnes DeMille
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything. -George Lois
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -Albert Einstein
The world is not to be put in order; the world is order, incarnate. It is for us to harmonize with this order. -Henry Miller
Thy word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path. [Psalm 119:105]. -Bible
It is what you do about what happens that counts. -Jim Rohn
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
Every great player has learned to two C's: how to concentrate and how to maintain composure. -Byron Nelson
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree. -J. P. Morgan
You can disagree without being disagreeable. -Zig Ziglar
What I am looking for is a blessing not in disguise. -Kitty O'neill Collins
Much better to do one's own work even if you have to do it imperfectly than it is to do somebody elses work perfectly. -Bhagavad-gita
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see. -Ayn Rand
Many of us spend our lives searching for success when it is usually so close that we can reach out and touch it. -Russel H. Conwell
That which is bitter to endure may be sweet to remember. -Thomas Fuller
As much as we thirst for approval we dread condemnation. -Hans Selye
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? -Vincent Van Gogh
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen. -Ernest Hemingway
Whether zeal or moderation be the point we aim at, let us keep the fire out of the one, and the frost out of the other. -Joseph Addison
Whatever games are played with us, we must play no games with ourselves. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do all things with love. -Og Mandino
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance. -Aesop
We think according to nature. We speak according to rules. We act according to custom. -Francis Bacon
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
One of the great disadvantages of hurry is that it takes such a long time. -Gilbert K. Chesterton
A person of intellect without energy added to it, is a failure. -Sebastien-Roch Nicolas De Chamfort
If I've learned anything in the past quarter century, it is that we cannot federalize virtue. -George Bush
Obstacles will look large or small to you according to whether you are large or small. -Orison Swett Marden
To imagine the unimaginable is the highest use of the imagination. -Cynthia Ozick
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those which never happen. -James Russell Lowell
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
We always have time enough if we will but use it aright. -Goethe
Let us be of good cheer, however, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those which never come. -James Russell Lowell
Only undertake what you can do in an excellent fashion. There are no prizes for average performance. -Brian Tracy
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams. -Francois Rodin
Victory belongs to the most persevering. -Andre Norton
Teams do not go physically flat, they go mentally stale. -Vincent Lombardi
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best. -H. Jackson Brown
The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured. -Cicero
I would rather have a million friends than a million dollars. -Edward Vernon Rickenbacker
The more you love what you are doing, the more successful it will be for you. -Jerry Gillies
The speed of the leader determines the rate of the pack. -Wayne Lukas
There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure. The failure is a stranger in his own house. -Eric Hoffer
None climbs so high as he who knows not whither he is going. -Oliver Cromwell
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination. -Carl Rogers
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either. -Unknown Author
God gave burdens, also shoulders. -Yiddish Proverb
The best way to predict your future is to create it. -Stephen Covey
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions. -Eric Butterworth
The greatest possession we have costs nothing, it's known as love. -Brian Jett
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. -Angelique Arnauld
Nothing is terrible except fear itself. -Francis Bacon
A man can do all things if he but wills them. -Leon Battista Alberti
All men of action are dreamers. -James G. Huneker
Innovation is the creation of the new or the re-arranging of the old in a new way. -Michael Vance
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
A man never stands as tall as when he kneels to help a child. -The Knights of Pythagoras
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts. -Jean Paul Getty
God doesn't look at how much we do, but with how much love we do it. -Mother Teresa
You've got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. -Zig Ziglar
Desire awakens only those things that are thought possible. -Rene Descartes
Self-trust is the first secret of success. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The path to cheerfulness is to sit cheerfully and to act and speak as if cheerfulness were already there. -William James
Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself. -Shannon Miller
The ability to manage well doesn't make much difference if you're not even in the right jungle. -Stephen Covey
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. -Abigail Adams
We judge a man's wisdom by his hope. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If a nation loses its storytellers, it loses its childhood. -Peter Handke
How far would Moses have gone if he had taken a poll in Egypt?. -Harry Truman
In times like these it is good to remember that there have always been times like these. -Paul Harvey
It's all that the young can do for the old, to shock them and keep them up to date. -George Bernard Shaw
Experience is a good teacher because she gives the text first, the lesson afterward. -Author unknown
That thou seest, man, become too thou must; God, if thou seest God, dust, if thou seest dust. -Brother Angelus
All personal breakthroughs begin with a change in beliefs. -Anthony Robbins
You can't aim a duck to death. -Gael Boardman
Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. -Ovid
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -W Clement Stone
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. -Jim Rohn
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. -Harvey S. Firestone
Meditate. Live purely. Be quiet. Do your work with mastery. Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds! Shine. -Buddha
Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision. -Henry Kissinger
A penny saved is a penny earned. -Benjamin Franklin
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking. -H. L. Mencken
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -Benjamin Franklin
We are what we imagine ourselves to be. -Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel. -Napoleon Hill
A pilgrim is a wanderer with purpose. -Pilgrims
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. -Thomas Carlyle
Delegating work works, provided the one delegating works, too. -Robert Half
Things never go so well that one should have no fear, and never so ill that one should have no hope. -Turkish proverb
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt. -Bertrand Russell
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself. -Sam Levenson
Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men. -E. B. White
You can lay down and die, or you can get up and fight, but that's it - there's no turning back. -Jon English
The control center of your life is your attitude. -Anonymous
It takes guts to get out of the ruts. -Robert Schuller
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done. -Ralph Lauren
Make new friends but keep the old; one is silver and the other's gold. -Unknown Author
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welsh
Failures are like skinned knees, painful but superficial. -H. Ross Perot
Never, never, never, never give up. -Winston Churchill
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason. -Ayn Rand
Celebrate what you want to see more of. -Thomas J. Peters
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. -Goethe
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. -Anais Nin
I look on that man as happy, who, when there is question of success, looks into his work for a reply. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
That's why many fail-because they don't get started-they don't go. They don't overcome inertia. They don't begin. -W Clement Stone
Find something you love to do and you'll never have to work a day in your life. -Harvey Mackay
Pearls lie not on the seashore. If thou desirest one thou must dive for it. -Chinese Proverb
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
Keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars. -Casey Kasem
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not the attainment. Full effort is full victory. -Mahatma Gandhi
Men at sometime are the masters of their fate. -William Shakespeare
At the center of your being you have the answer; You know who you are and you know what you want. -Lao Tzu
Do not let your fears choose your destiny. -Author unknown
You're biggest expense is the money you don't make. -Pante
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. -Jeffrey Gitomer
Prosperity belongs to those who learn new things the fastest. -Paul Zane Pilzer
There would be nothing to frighten you if you refused to be afraid. -Gandhi
We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are. -Tobias Wolff
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. -Les Brown
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life. -Dr. James G. Bilkey
A man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Love the moment and the energy of the moment will spread beyond all boundaries. -Sister Corita Kent
David wasn't thinking of being king when he was tending sheep; he was just doing what God sat before him. -John Fisher
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Norman R. Augustine
It's easier to get rich than it is to explain not getting rich. -E James Rohn
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability. -Robert Half
True friendship brings sunshine to the shade, and shade to the sunshine -Thomas Burke
Maturity is knowing when to be immature. -Randall Hall
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. -Henry J. Kaiser
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way. -Ernest Hemingway
Art is an experience, not the formulation of a problem. -Lindsay Anderson
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryan
Always have a plan, and believe in it. Nothing happens by accident. -Chuck Knox
Your attitude is an expression of your values, beliefs and expectations. -Brian Tracy
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul. -William Ernest Henley
Talk peaceful to be peaceful. -Norman Vincent Peale
Nothing is more effective than sincere, accurate praise, and nothing is more lame than a cookie-cutter compliment. -Bill Walsh
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself. -Alexander Graham Bell
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others. -Unknown Author
If you don't have a vision, nothing happens. -Christopher Reeve
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. -Donald Laird
Imagination is the eye of the soul. -Joseph Joubert
Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments. -The Talmud
Today, be aware of how you are spending your 1,440 beautiful moments, and spend them wisely. -Unknown Author
We need to learn to set our course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship. -Omar Nelson Bradley
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Only mediocrity can be trusted to be always at its best. -Sir Max Beerbohm
One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us. -Michael Cibenko
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get back up. -Vince Lombardi
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this earth. -N Eldon Tanner
Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance. -Calvin Coolidge
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet. -Unknown Author
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. -Zig Ziglar
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. -Simone De Beauvoir
Anything that has been accomplished by any other human being in the physical realm is within the field of possibility. -Wayne Dyer
Toughness is in the soul and spirit, not in muscles. -Alex Karras
A genius is one who can do anything except make a living. -Joey Lauren Adams
Talent is only the starting point. -Irving Berlin
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George Washington Carver
You may delay, but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin
The manager has his eye on the bottom line; the leader has his eye on the horizon. -Warren Bennis
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. -Leonardo Da Vinci
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Unknown Author
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. -Benjamin Franklin
Love rules without rules. -Italian proverb
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. -Robert Galvin
Where there's a will, there's a way. -English Proverb
Sure I'm for helping the elderly. I'm going to be old myself someday. (at age 85). -Lilian Carter
Paint a masterpiece daily. Always autograph your work with excellence. -Greg Hickman
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you, never excuse yourself. -Henry Ward Beecher
I don't let my mouth say nothin' my head can't stand. -Louis Armstrong
The first step to becoming is to will it. -Mother Teresa
If the creator had a purpose in equipping us with a neck, he surely meant us to stick it out. -Arthur Koestler
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Henry Ward Beecher
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated. -Lou Holtz
If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it. -William James
Never let anyone steal your joy. -Mike Richards
He who limps is still walking. -Stanislaw J. Lec
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth. -Richard Baker
Vision is not enough, it must be combined with venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the stairs. -Vaclav Havel
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig. -Marcus Aurelius
Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success. -Dr. Rob Gilbert
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone. -Charles De Gaulle
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. -Thomas Alva Edison
Although gold dust is precious, when it gets in your eyes it obstructs your vision. -Hsi-tang
Man cannot discover new oceans until he has courage to lose sight of the shore. -Unknown Author
Develop the winning edge; small differences in your performance can lead to large differences in your results. -Brian Tracy
Have you got a problem? Do what you can where you are with what you've got. -Theodore Roosevelt
To desire is to obtain; to aspire is to achieve. -James Allen
The greatest thing in the world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Nurture your mind with great thoughts; to believe in the heroic makes heroes. -Benjamin Disraeli
There is no friend as loyal as a book. -Ernest Hemingway
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart. -Samuel Taylor Coleridge
If it is to be, it is up to me. -William H Johnsen
Thoughts create a new heaven, a new firmament, a new source of energy, from which new arts flow. -Philipus Aureolus Paracelsus
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. -Gracian Baltasar
It is nothing new or original to say that golf is played one stroke at a time. But it took me many years to realize it. -Bobby Jones
You are more likely to act yourself into feelings, than feel yourself into action. -Dr. Jerome Brunner
If speaking is silver, then listening is gold. -Turkish Proverb
Talk is cheap. Words are plentiful. Deeds are precious. -H Ross Perot
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
Success doesn't make you and failure doesn't break you. -Zig Ziglar
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. -Mark Twain
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity. -General Douglas Macarthur
When we direct our thoughts properly, we can control our emotions... -W. Clement Stone
Act enthusiastic and you become enthusiastic. -Dale Carnegie
It takes a long time to grow an old friend. -John Leonard
The sun will set without thy assistance. -Talmud
Adventure is worthwhile. -Amelia Earhart
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. -Jonas Salk
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not. -Oprah Winfrey
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. -Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy after. -Oliver Goldsmith
I've developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time. -Charles Schultz
School is a building which has fours walls with tomorrow inside. -Lon Watters
Nothing preaches better than the act. -Benjamin Franklin
The greatest waste in the world is the difference between what we are and what we could become. -Ben Herbster
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. -William Wallace
Most managers were trained to be the thing they most despise, bureaucrats. -Alvin Toffler
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -Zig Ziglar
That person proves his worth who can make us want to listen when he is with us and think when he is gone. -Grit
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality. -Emily Dickinson
Be bold. Be confident. Be alive. A gallery of possibilities awaits for you when you make change your friend. -Bob Bone
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it. -Lord Macaulay
Great lives are the culmination of great thoughts followed by great actions. -Peter Sinclair
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. -Arnold Glasgow
To affirm is to make firm. -Peter Mcwilliams
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. -Carl Buehner
Good behavior is the last refuge of mediocrity. -Henry S Haskins
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -Dale Carnegie
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end. -Scott Adams
We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance. -Benjamin Disraeli
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -Joseph Addison
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world. -Unknown Author
For of all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these: It might have been! -John Whittier
The wise learn many things from their enemies. -Aristophanes
The 8 Equities: Physical, Spiritual, Psychological, Intellectual, Emotional, Financial, Social and Family. -Michael Vance
Within your heart, keep one still, secret spot where dreams may go. -Louise Driscoll
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? -George Eliot
Behind every able man, there are always other able men. -Chinese Proverb
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we hit it. -Michelangelo
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going. -Napoleon Hill
Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow. -Helen Keller
Do whatever it takes, whenever it needs to be done, regardless of whether you feel like doing it or not. -Greg Hickman
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings including this one. -Anonymous
Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost. -Robert H. Schuller
Genius is the ability to reduce the complicated to the simple. -C W Ceran
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. -H. L. Hunt
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
I buy women shoes and they use them to walk away from me. -Mickey Rooney
Realize that true happiness lies within you. -Lucian
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea. -Robert Half
Let your mind alone, and see what happens. -Virgil Thomson
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. -Marsha Norman
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. -Epictetus
Never take a solemn oath. People think you mean it. -Norman Douglas
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears. -Glenn Clark
The basic building block of good communications is the feeling that every human being is unique and of value. -Unknown author
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. -Margaret Thatcher
Optimist: A man who gets treed by a lion but enjoys the scenery. -Walter Winchell
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive. -Wayne Dyer
Life is a sexually transmitted disease. -Guy Bellamy
Too much of a good thing is wonderful. -Mae West
Big egos have little ears. -Robert Schuller
Times don't change. Men do. -Sam Levenson
Neither can the wave that has passed by be recalled, nor the hour which has passed return again. -Ovid
Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so. -Lord Chesterfield
believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail. -William Faulkner
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want. -Ben Stein
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness. -George Orwell
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. -Earl Gray Stevens
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. -Zig Ziglar
To dilute the will to win is to destroy the purpose of the game. There is no substitute for victory. -Douglas MacArthur
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best. -William M. Thackeray
The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it but what he becomes by it. -John Ruskin
Money will buy you a bed, but not a good night's sleep, a house but not a home, a companion but not a friend. -Zig Ziglar
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. -Ella Wheeler Wilcox
There is something in the pang of change more than the heart can bear, unhappiness remembering happiness. -Euripides
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. -Dr. Karl Menninger
Be smart, but never show it. -Louis B Mayer
I had rather do and not promise than promise and not do. -Arthur Warwick
Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep. -Thomas De Quincey
It opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
Right is right, even if everyone is against it; and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it. -William Penn
The defining function of the artist is to cherish consciousness. -Max Eastman
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. -Helen Keller
No legacy is so rich as honesty. -William Shakespeare
Great art picks up where nature ends. -Marc Chagall
Just remember, when you should grab something, grab it; when you should let go, let go. -Tao Saying
Failures are divided into two classes-those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -John Charles Salak
Get happiness out of your work or you may never know what happiness is. -Elbert Hubbard
The average pencil is seven inches long, with just a half-inch eraser-in case you thought optimism was dead. -Robert Brault
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. -Maya Angelou
You win some, you lose some, you wreck some. -Dale Earnhardt
You will never win if you never begin. -Robert Schuller
Justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
To measure the man, measure his heart. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
Failures are divided into two classes - those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought. -John Charles Salak
You've got to say, I think that if I keep working at this and want it badly enough I can have it. It's called perseverance. -Lee Iacocca
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then rest afterward. -Spanish Proverb
You see things; and you say Why? But I dream things that never were; and I say Why not? -George Bernard Shaw
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. -Walter Chrysler
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. -J. Paul Getty
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour. -Jim Rohn
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death. -Unknown Author
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin. With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -Chinese proverb
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret. -Henny Youngman
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A Michener
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm. -Theodore Roosevelt
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich. -John F. Kennedy
The pen is mightier than the sword. -Bulwer-Lytton
The drowning man is not troubled by rain. -Persian Proverb
Nearly all men can stand adversity. But if you want to test a man's character - give him power. -Abraham Lincoln
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. -Friedrich Engels
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say -Ralph Waldo Emerson
To know just what has to be done, then to do it, comprises the whole philosophy of practical life. -Sir William Osler
Learn to see, and then you'll know that there is no end to the new worlds of our vision. -Carlos Castaneda
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims. -Buckminster Fuller
Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so... get on you way. -Dr. Seuss
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. -Plato
Doubt is the beginning, not the end, of wisdom. -George Iles
The greatest inspiration is often born of desperation. -Comer Cotrell
Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods. -Aristotle
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him. -Henry Miller
Our energy is in proportion to the resistance it meets. -William Hazlitt
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality. -Ralph Marston
You are what you think about all day long. -Robert Schuller
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. -Kenji Miyazawa
We are governed not by armies and police, but by ideas. -Mona Caird
Genuine change is never a function of dominance, or even education, but of empathy and common ground. -Alan Briskin
Luck is being ready for the chance. -J. Frank Doble
I say that habit's but a long practice, friend, and this becomes men's nature in the end. -Aristotle
Many individuals have, like uncut diamonds, shining qualities beneath a rough exterior. -Juvenal
Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order. -Lord Byron
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have. -Zig Ziglar
A "Bay Area Bisexual" told me I didn't quite coincide with either of her desires. -Woody Allen
Every great man is unique. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. -Marcel Proust
The highest of distinctions is service to others. -King George Vi
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline. -Nolan Bushnell
Honest Criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an aquaintance, or a stranger. -Franklin P Jones
A man may fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. -John Burroughs
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -Albert Einstein
Time is equal to life; therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life. -Alan Lakein
As soon as you start to pursue a dream, your life wakes up and everything has meaning. -Barbara Sher
It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Anthony Robbins
Don't think it, ink it. -Mark Victor Hansen
Virtue is never left to stand alone. He who has it will have neighbors. -Confucius
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case. -Ken Kesey
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you might as well dance. -Unknown Author
The great advantage of being in a rut is that when one is in a rut, one knows exactly where one is. -Thomas Arnold Bennett
Life is a play. It's not its length, but its performance that counts. -Seneca
Life begets life. Energy creates energy. It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich. -Sarah Bernhardt
I am doing a great work and I cannot come down. Why should the work stop while I leave it and come down to you? -Bible
It is always easier to believe than to deny. Our minds are naturally affirmative. -John Burroughs
Discipline is the foundation upon which all success is built. Lack of discipline inevitably leads to failure. -Jim Rohn
Only those who do nothing make no mistakes. -Anonymous
People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be. -Harvey Mackay
Joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside. -Melba Colgrove
The idea of thanking staff should mean giving them something that they would never buy for themselves. -Jayne Crook
A committee of one gets things done. -Joe Ryan
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit. -Nelson Henderson
Those who are lifting the world upward and onward are those who encourage more than criticize. -Elizabeth Harrison
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. -Anne Frank
I am realistic - I expect miracles. -Wayne Dyer
I dream my painting and then paint my dream. -Vincent Van Gogh
Love is the beauty of the soul. -St. Augustine
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel. -James Allen
The freedom to be your best means nothing unless you are willing to do your best. -Colin Powell
You can't change the wind, you can however adjust your sails. -unknown
We cannot truly face life until we face the fact that it will be taken away from us. -Billy Graham
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. -Charles Darwin
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. -Thomas Jefferson
We will either find a way or make one. -Hannibal
Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away. -Ben Hecht
Never underestimate the heart of a champion. -Rudy Tomjanovich
What we want is a story that starts with an earthquake and builds to a climax. -Samuel Goldwyn
We have no simple problems or easy decisions after kindergarten. -John W. Turk
Thought is action in rehearsal. -Sigmund Freud
The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love. -William Wordsworth
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words. -Unknown
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail. -Anonymous
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try! -Dr. Seuss
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. -John Barrymore
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful. -Ann Landers
Talk not of wasted affection; affection never was wasted. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Courage is grace under pressure. -Ernest Hemingway
Excellence is rarely found, more rarely valued. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are. -Les Brown
One may walk over the highest mountain one step at a time. -John Wanamaker
We may eventually come to realize that chastity is no more a virtue than malnutrition. -Alexander Comfort
As long as I have you there is just one other thing I'll always need - tremendous self control. -Ashleigh Brilliant
After the verb 'to Love,' 'to Help' is the most beautiful verb in the world. -Bertha Von Suttner
Gray skies are just clouds passing over. -Duke Ellington
It's not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It's the customer who pays the wages. -Henry Ford
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us. -Earl Nightingale
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start my friend, anyone can start from now and make a brand new end. -Carl Bard
Sometimes only a change of viewpoint is needed to convert a tiresome duty into an interesting opportunity. -Alberta Flanders
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself. -Aldous Huxley
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. -James Gordon
Every vice has its excuse ready. -Publilius Syrus
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend. -Katharine Butler Hathaway
A hero is one who knows how to hang on one minute longer. -Norwegian proverb
What we need are more people who specialize in the impossible. -Theodore Roethke
It's often said that life is strange. But compared to what?. -Steve Forbert
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans. -John Lennon
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear. -George S. Patton
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say. -Will Durant
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened. -Billy Graham
You've got to watch your mind all the time or you'll awaken and find a strange picture on your press. -Lord Buckley
Every truth has two sides. It is well to look at both sides before we commit ourselves to either side. -Aesop
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both. -Vincent Lombardi
I always entertain great hopes. -Robert Frost
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other people. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
An invasion of armies may be resisted buy not an idea whose time has come. -Victor Hugo
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult. -Marquise du Deffand
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. -Peter F. Drucker
To me old age is 15 years older than I am. -Bernard M. Baruch
Delay is the deadliest form of denial. -C Northcote Parkinson
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope. -Henry Ward Beecher
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so. -Plato
I am certain of nothing but of the holiness of the hearts affection, and the truth of the imagination. -John Keats
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning. -Ivy Baker
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. -Abraham Lincoln
There is a condition worse than blindness, and that is, seeing something that isn't there. -L Ron Hubbard
The greatest genius will never be worth much if he pretends to draw exclusively from his own resources. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
All good is hard. All evil is easy. Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy. Stay away from easy. -Scott Alexander
Take off the blinders. You have to see opportunity before you can seize it. -Greg Hickman
If I play my best, I can win anywhere in the world against anybody. -Ray Floyd
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
There ought to be so many who are excellent, there are so few. -Janet Erskine Stuart
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything - and it works. -William Strong
No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Real valor consists not in being insensible to danger; but in being prompt to confront and disarm it. -Sir Walter Scott
A window of opportunity won't open itself. -Dave Weinbaum
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Albert Einstein
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities. -Pogo
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
A weed is a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Lao Tzu
The first rule of baseball is to get a good ball to hit. -Rogers Hornsby
Troubles are often the tools by which God fashions us for better things. -Henry Ward Beecher
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man how to fish, he'll eat for a lifetime. -Ancient Proverb
Discipline is wisdom and vice versa. -Scott M Peck
Eagles don't flock - you have to find them one at a time. -Ross Perot
Lack of forgiveness causes almost all of our self-sabotaging behavior. -Mark Victor Hansen
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. -Dan Stanford
Although the world is very full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. -Helen Keller
Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are your own fears. -Rudyard Kipling
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. -Robert Francis Kennedy
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
We grow small trying to be great. -Eli Stanley Jones
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good. -Jerry West
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention. -Duguet
In the universe, there are things that are known, and things that are unknown, and in between, there are doors. -William Blake
The quality of expectations determines the quality of our action. -Andre Godin
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. -George Bernard Shaw
Make decisions from the heart and use your head to make it work out. -Sir Girad
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
There's no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison
There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Alva Edison
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing. -Herodotus
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare. -Benedict Spinoza, a 16th century philosopher
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited. -Napoleon Hill
Every situation-nay, every moment-is of infinite worth; for it is the representative of a whole eternity. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
To doubt is worse than to have lost; And to despair is but to antedate those miseries that must fall on us. -Philip Massinger
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little. -Friedrich Von Schiller
What is character but the determination of incident? What is incident but the illustration of character? -Henry James Jr.
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. -Ursula K. Le Guin
It may sound strange, but many champions are made champions by setbacks. -Bob Richards
The last thing we decide in writing a book is what to put first. -Blaise Pascal
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. -Richard Bach
Passion holds up the bottom of the universe and genius paints up its roof. -Chao Chang
Who speaks, sows; Who listens, reaps. -Argentine Proverb
The mind is just another muscle. -Ted Turner
Whatever limits us we call fate. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Though you cannot go back and start again, you can start from now and have a brand new end. -Unknown Author
Writing is an occupation in which you have to keep proving your talent to those who have none. -Jules Renard
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you. -Carl Jung
Chance happens to all, but to turn chance to account is the gift of few. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -Zig Ziglar
Thought creates character. -Annie Besant
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. -William A. Ward
Heroes became heroes flaws and all. You don't have to be perfect to fulfill your dream. -Peter Mcwilliams
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more luck I have. -Thomas Jefferson
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterwards. -Paul Richter
You are the music while the music lasts. -T S Elliot
Love the moment and the energy of the moment will spread beyond all boundaries. -Coretta Scott King
Your goal should be out of reach but not out of sight. -Anita Defrantz
The life given us by nature is short, but the memory of a life well spent is eternal. -Cicero
Today is a smooth white seashell, hold it close and listen to the beauty of the hours. -Unknown Author
Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others? -Martin Luther King, Jr.
No man who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. -Samuel Goldwyn
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation by what you fall for. -Robert Quillen
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. -Carl W. Buechner
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St. Francis of Assisi
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace. -J Lubbock
He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king. -John Milton
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. -Buke Ellington
Paying attention to simple little things that most men neglect makes a few men rich. -Henry Ford
Our friends should be companions who inspire us, who help us rise to our best. -Joseph B. Wirthlin
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
They always win who side with God. -Frederick W. Faber
A man's got to know his limitations. -Harry Callahan
To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be. -Golda Meir
To the sick, while there is life there is hope. -Marcus T. Cicero
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. -Nelson Mendela
I am an artist... I am here to live out loud. -Emile Zola
The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Spectacular achievements are always preceded by unspectacular preparation. -Roger Staubach
Everyone takes the limits of his own vision for the limits of the world. -Arthur Schopenhauer
The only way to get rid of responsibilities is to discharge them. -Walter S. Robertson
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half. -Gracie Allen
A desire can overcome all objections and obstacles. -Gunderson
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. -C. Archie Danielson
Pleasure in the job put perfection in the work. -Aristotle
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one. -Irish Blessing
No man can be happy without a friend, nor be sure of his friend till he is unhappy. -Thomas Fuller
All adverse and depressing influences can be overcome, not by fighting, by rising above them. -Charles Caleb Colton
Make the iron hot by striking it. -Oliver Cromwell
It is well to think well; it is divine to act well. -Horace Mann
The principle is: competing against yourself. It's about self-improvement, about being better than you were the day before. -Steve Young
Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king. -John Milton
To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God. -Meister Eckhart
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. -Abraham Lincoln
Do not think that what your thoughts dwell on does not matter. Your thoughts are making you. -Bishop Steere
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. -Benjamin Franklin
I recommend that the Statue of Liberty be supplemented by a Statue of Responsibility on the west coast. -Victor Frankl
Fortune sides with him who dares. -Virgil
Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Teresa
Work relieves us from three great evils, boredom, vice, and want. -French Proverb
When you come to the end of your rope...tie a knot and hang on. -Franklin D Roosevelt
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten. -Gucci Family Slogan
Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it. -W. Clement Stone
The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it. -Warren Bennis
Let him who would move the world, first move himself. -Socrates
If you think nobody cares if you are alive, try missing a couple of car payments. -Earl Wilson
What you see and hear depends a great deal on where you are standing; it also depends on what sort of person you are. -C. S. Lewis
Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone. -Anonymous
Although fate presents the circumstances, how you react depends on your character. -Anonymous
A wise man turns chance into good fortune. -Thomas Fuller
A lifestyle is what you pay for; a life is what pays you. -Thomas Leonard
Failure doesn't mean that you're a failure... it just means that you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuler
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems. -Lee Iococca
Life is a unique combination of want to and how to and we need to give equal attention to both. -Jim Rohn
The minute you start talking about what you're going to do if you lose, you have lost. -George Shultz
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man. -Rabindranath Tagore
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. -Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
A friend is a present you give yourself. -Robert Louis Stevenson
Always acknowledge a fault. This will throw those in authority off their guard and give you an opportunity to commit more. -Mark Twain
Better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness. -Chinese Proverb
The only discipline that lasts is self-discipline. -Bum Phillips
The pessimist borrows trouble; the optimists lend encouragement. -William Arthur Ward
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. -Harry F. Banks
I would rather fail in a cause that will ultimately triumph than to triumph in a cause that will ultimately fail. -Woodrow Wilson
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. -Chinese proverb
Man who stand on hill with mouth open will wait long time for roast duck to drop in. -Confucius
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh - at yourself. -Ethel Barrymore
It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. -Claude M. Bristol
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. -Jonathon Kozol
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience. -Clarence Day
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first. -William Shakespeare
We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without enthusiasm. -Georg Hegel
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. -Victor Borge
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
I never saw a pessimistic general win a battle. -General Dwight David Eisenhower
I am not discouraged because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas Alva Edison
When placed in command - take charge. -Norman Schwarzkopf
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. -Duane Michals
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. -Les Brown
A friendly study of the world's religions is a sacred duty. -Mahatma Gandhi
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves. -Sir James M. Barrie
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. -James M. Barrie
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it. -William Arthur Ward
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well. -Wayne Dyer
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. -Thomas Alva Edison
He who treads softly goes far. -Chinese Proverb
Hope is the dream of the waking man. -Aristotle
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightening and the lightening bug. -Mark Twain
Who you are is speaking so loudly that I can't hear what you're saying. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Discovery is seeing what everybody else has seen, and thinking what nobody else has thought. -Albert Szent-gyorgi
Great beginnings are not as important as the way one finishes. -Dr. James Dobson
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain
A kind deed a day, like little drops of rain, Makes a mighty ocean and a gracious nation. -Lin Hsiu Nei
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -Chretien Malesherbes
Don't be sad, don't be angry, if life deceives you! Submit to your grief - your time for joy will come, believe me. -Alexandra Pushkin
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity an obligation; every possession a duty. -John D. Rockefeller
There are no big problems, there are just a lot of little problems. -Henry Ford
He who is plenteously provided for from within needs but little from without. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Go forward confidently, energetically attacking problems, expecting favorable outcomes. -Norman Vincent Peale
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are all here for a spell. Get all the good laughs you can. -Will Rogers
I've always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -Akeem Olajuwon
People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them. -Epictetus
It may be those who do most, dream most. -Stephen Leacock
The saddest failures in life are those that come from not putting forth the power and will to succeed. -Edwin Percy Welles
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. -David Harold Fink
When you are afraid, do the thing you are afraid of and soon you will lose your fear of it. -Norman Vincent Peale
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. -John F Kennedy
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Be still and allow the mud to settle. -Lao Tzu
Time is at once the most valuable and the most perishable of all our possessions. -John Randolph
A persons character is but half formed until after wedlock. -C. Simmons
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. -Thich Nhat Hanh
He who chooses the beginning of a road chooses the place it leads to. It is the means that determine the end. -Harry Emerson Fosdick
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not. -Samuel Johnson
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. -Daniel Webster
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. -Julius Erving
Age is a matter of feeling...not of years. -George William Curtis
To win without risk is to triumph without glory. -Pierre Corneille
The manager administers; the leader innovates. -Warren Bennis
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days. -Zig Ziglar
Do every act of your life as if it were your last. -Marcus Aurelius
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. -Frank Herbert
The awakening has begun!. -William Dempsey
Never consider the possibility of failure; as long as you persist, you will be successful. -Brian Tracy
Talent does what it can, and genius does what it must. -Edward George Bulwer-lytton
The really idle man gets nowhere. The perpetually busy man does not get much further. -Sir Heneage Ogilvie
We owe a lot to Thomas Edison - if it wasn't for him, we'd be watching television by candlelight. -Milton Berle
Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more. -H. W. Dresses
Every man must some time or other be trusted to himself. -John Locke
Though language forms the preacher, 'Tis "good works" make the man. -Eliza Cook
A friend hears the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails. -Readers Digest
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded. -Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Sweat plus sacrifice equals success. -Charles O. Finley
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can. -Henry Drummond
Those who wish to sing, always find a song. -Swedish Proverb
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors. -Samuel Smiles